
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 303323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   540897                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              188540076                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466263                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        76608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              135808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        76608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          76736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    264323914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    139338671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              468584248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    264323914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         264765558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    264323914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    139338671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             521581524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.881936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083017988000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.881936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.555121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.555121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     47173968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47173968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     47298968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     47298968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     47298968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     47298968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 184273.312500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184273.312500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182621.498069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182621.498069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182621.498069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182621.498069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       240900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11471.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        86900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        86900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44095092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44095092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44181992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44181992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44181992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44181992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172246.453125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172246.453125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170586.841699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170586.841699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170586.841699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170586.841699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                             6                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1335.875545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                             6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.536128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.653461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.024971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    896.769934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    391.891150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.003061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.218938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.095677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.326141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1579                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              47                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   47                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          300                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1580                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1739                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1866                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2193881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125464644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53798795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      182064962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13154062                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13154062                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2193881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125464644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66952857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       195219024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2193881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125464644                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66952857                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      195219024                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           47                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               47                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.799599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.524111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992188                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.992188                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.799599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.541497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.799599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.541497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104470.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101273.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104815.909774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106743.640873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104695.205290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103575.291339                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103575.291339                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104470.523810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101273.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104815.909774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106105.954041                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104618.983923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104470.523810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101273.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104815.909774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106105.954041                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104618.983923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2078681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118867644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     51052595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172573262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12449762                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12449762                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2078681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118867644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63502357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185023024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2078681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118867644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63502357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185023024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2056318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2056318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2692882                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2692882                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.799599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.799599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.538305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.799599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98984.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95723.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99304.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101294.831349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99868.785880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98029.622047                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98029.622047                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98984.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95723.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99304.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100637.649762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99742.870081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98984.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95723.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99304.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100637.649762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99742.870081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1327.599149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.654476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.593923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    898.577773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    393.773076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.012017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.040515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1739                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1866                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2006981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114794489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     49277439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      166633151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12021842                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12021842                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2006981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114794489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     61299281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       178654993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2006981                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114794489                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     61299281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      178654993                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95570.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92373.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95901.828739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97772.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95821.248419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94660.173228                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94660.173228                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95570.523810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92373.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95901.828739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97146.245642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95742.225616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95570.523810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92373.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95901.828739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97146.245642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95742.225616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1715381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97985106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42270706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142441893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10219338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10219338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1715381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97985106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52490044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152661231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1715381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97985106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52490044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152661231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81684.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81858.902256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83870.448413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82431.651042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80467.228346                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80467.228346                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81684.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81858.902256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83185.489699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82297.159569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81684.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81858.902256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83185.489699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82297.159569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 69                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                30                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          8                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1019                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               412.675912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                    9680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.499509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.546555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   412.129357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.804940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.806008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12604                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12616                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           12616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12604                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          12616                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1809                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1811                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163996594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163996594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163996594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163996594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163996594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163996594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90655.939193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90555.822198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90655.939193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90555.822198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90655.939193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90555.822198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130155829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130155829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130155829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130155829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130155829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130155829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86944.441550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86944.441550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86944.441550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86944.441550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86944.441550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86944.441550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           87                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.765676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            56                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           87                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.643678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.315590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.450086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.019724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.590630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.610355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          116                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           98                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1797975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1797975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797975                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1797975                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.450237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.457944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.450237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.457944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.450237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.457944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18926.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18346.683673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18926.052632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18346.683673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18926.052632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18346.683673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1501744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1501744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1501744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1501744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1501744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1501744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.450237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.450237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.450237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15807.831579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15807.831579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15807.831579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15807.831579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15807.831579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15807.831579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1200                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.347179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.104167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.052182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.294998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.065761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.830937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.896699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          158                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1211                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14399938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14399938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14399938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     14399938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14399938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     14399938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.884924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.884924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11890.947977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11851.800823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11890.947977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11851.800823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11890.947977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11851.800823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10650178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10650178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10650178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10650178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10650178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10650178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8794.531792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8794.531792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8794.531792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8794.531792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8794.531792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8794.531792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   148                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               401.536716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                    3310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.364865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.221055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   400.315661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.781867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.784251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14668                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7999                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7999                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22661                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          900                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          130                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          130                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1030                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95028538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95028538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     14011316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14011316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109039854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    109039854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109039854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    109039854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105822.425390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105587.264444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107779.353846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107779.353846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106069.896887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105863.935922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106069.896887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105863.935922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               47                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55154010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55154010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13387379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13387379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68541389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68541389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68541389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68541389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2133701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2133701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2797865                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2797865                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109432.559524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109432.559524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104588.898438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104588.898438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108451.564873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108451.564873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108451.564873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108451.564873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  406773                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           21646                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        21646                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3530                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14246                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8063                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        87417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                 97529                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              21646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8063                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                29708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          13714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         58080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          278                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             19                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       186862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.010168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.510688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          157935     84.52%     84.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1168      0.63%     85.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1165      0.62%     85.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1690      0.90%     86.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2134      1.14%     87.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1550      0.83%     88.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2169      1.16%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1514      0.81%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           17537      9.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       186862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239763                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           84651                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        64542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            26867                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          782                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         10018                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        180272                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         10018                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           87126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          36482                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        23026                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25123                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        170028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           91                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          1009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       183402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       427560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       427560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           75723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          531                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          528                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            15767                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        21000                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          294                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            154949                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          851                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           138210                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        53826                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        77706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          412                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       186862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.739637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.526768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       137817     73.75%     73.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15072      8.07%     81.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10229      5.47%     87.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8067      4.32%     91.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6356      3.40%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4435      2.37%     97.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3528      1.89%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1152      0.62%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          206      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       186862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            254     47.30%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           132     24.58%     71.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          151     28.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2139      1.55%      1.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       106508     77.06%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        18728     13.55%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10835      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        138210                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339772                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                537                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.003885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       465015                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       209702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       130737                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        136608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2039                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         8101                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4414                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         10018                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          30598                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          303                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       155800                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        21000                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          710                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           134                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3368                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       133464                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17658                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               27955                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           13878                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10297                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328104                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                131148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               130737                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            84667                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           140534                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321400                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.602466                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        58126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       176916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.499563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       143656     81.20%     81.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12080      6.83%     88.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6415      3.63%     91.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4951      2.80%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3318      1.88%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1433      0.81%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          986      0.56%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1059      0.60%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3018      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       176916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50618                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21038                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12896                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10969                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3018                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              329625                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             321729                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   1042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 219911                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97673                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      8.036133                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                8.036133                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.124438                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.124438                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          262389                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         139456                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          57833                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003782619241                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087254328971                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 123684                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   233441                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5367497720                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4575204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3726.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   460948463                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     869994743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2578048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       656448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      8011392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12213696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       656448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         656448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8884480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8884480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       125178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               190839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         138820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              138820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              128878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        32816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       400494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 610569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        32816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             32816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           444140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                444140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           444140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             128878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        32816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       400494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1054709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    91252                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.838713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    91267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.443786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.833870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10825                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10825                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4678                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4678                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15503                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15503                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68559                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           68787                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        74617                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          89209                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        143176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           157996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       143176                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          157996                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2778676375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2788613375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2573422176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5022362000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7595784176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2583359176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7801038375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10384397551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2583359176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7801038375                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10384397551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         79612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        79295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       158679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         173499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       158679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        173499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.864028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.950174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.910645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.910645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40529.709812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40539.831291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176358.427632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67308.548990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85145.940163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174315.733873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54485.656639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65725.699075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174315.733873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54485.656639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65725.699075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18780500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11423.661800                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55458                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55458                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        74617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        89209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       143176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       143176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7043500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1924567818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1931611318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2397555892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4100804003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6498359895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2404599392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6025371821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8429971213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2404599392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6025371821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8429971213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950174                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30892.543860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28071.702008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28081.051914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164306.187774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54958.039093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72844.218577                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162253.670175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42083.671991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53355.598958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162253.670175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42083.671991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53355.598958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1573208                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4022.174630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        17290686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1577236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         10.962650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1149.547223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    41.840528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    21.588623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2179.250105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    628.945846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.280651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.532043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.153551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2521696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       186548                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10835261                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1825265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               15368770                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2191464                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2191464                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       110977                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              110977                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       529507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               529507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2521696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       186548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10835261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2354772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                15898277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2521696                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       186548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10835261                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2354772                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               15898277                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21917                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5409                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       790843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       491684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1309853                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30390                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             30390                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       298286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             298286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       790843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       789970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1608139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21917                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5409                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       790843                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       789970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1608139                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    502915851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    127782775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18034276406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14470848020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    33135823052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1049125520                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1049125520                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17303540416                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  17303540416                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    502915851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    127782775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18034276406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31774388436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     50439363468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    502915851                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    127782775                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18034276406                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31774388436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    50439363468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2543613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       191957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11626104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2316949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           16678623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2191464                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2191464                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       141367                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          141367                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       827793                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           827793                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2543613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       191957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11626104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3144742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            17506416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2543613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       191957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11626104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3144742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           17506416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.212212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.078535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.214972                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.214972                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.360339                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.360339                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22946.381850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23624.103346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22803.864239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29431.195687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25297.360125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34522.063837                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34522.063837                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58009.897937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58009.897937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22946.381850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23624.103346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22803.864239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40222.272284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31365.052068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22946.381850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23624.103346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22803.864239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40222.272284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31365.052068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              511615                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   511615                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       790842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       491651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1309819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        30390                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        30390                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        298286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       790842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       789937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1608105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       790842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       789937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1608105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    385441096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97963126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13532204100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11734229196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25749837518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1620491334                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1620491334                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15626718507                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15626718507                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    385441096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97963126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13532204100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27360947703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41376556025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    385441096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97963126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13532204100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27360947703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41376556025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4496111046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4496111046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8726600083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8726600083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13222711129                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13222711129                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.212198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.214972                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214972                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.360339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17586.398503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18111.134406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17111.134841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23866.989381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19659.080772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53323.176505                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53323.176505                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52388.373933                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52388.373933                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17586.398503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18111.134406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17111.134841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34636.873197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25730.008939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17586.398503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18111.134406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17111.134841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34636.873197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25730.008939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        107122                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32013.070270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1635388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        139194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         11.748983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21912.984927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.038268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.075892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.135109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   105.945410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    41.402951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4181.748625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5766.738467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.668731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.127617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.175987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.976961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21491                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       780584                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       406140                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1213520                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          511615                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               511615                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          415                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 415                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       154956                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               154956                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       780584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       561096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1368476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21491                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       780584                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       561096                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1368476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          426                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10258                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        85511                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                96299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54532                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54532                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       118773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             118773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       204284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                215072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          426                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       204284                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               215072                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39689643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9745229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    960135837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4524950462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5534521171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    817390748                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    817390748                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10463221858                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10463221858                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39689643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9745229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    960135837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14988172320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15997743029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39689643                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9745229                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    960135837                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14988172320                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15997743029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       790842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       491651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1309819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       511615                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           511615                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        54947                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           54947                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       273729                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           273729                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       790842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       765380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1583548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       790842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       765380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1583548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.173926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.073521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992447                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.992447                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.433907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.135817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.135817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93168.176056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93704.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93598.736303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52916.589234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57472.260055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14989.194381                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14989.194381                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88094.279491                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88094.279491                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93168.176056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93704.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93598.736303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73369.291379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74383.197390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93168.176056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93704.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93598.736303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73369.291379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74383.197390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               83362                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    83362                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54532                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54532                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       118773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        118773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       204284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           215072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       204284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          215072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33727658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8289936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    815507980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3323124202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4180649776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3014989049                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3014989049                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8748971830                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8748971830                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33727658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8289936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    815507980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12072096032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12929621606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33727658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8289936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    815507980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12072096032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12929621606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4007634495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4007634495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7772480400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7772480400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11780114895                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11780114895                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.173926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992447                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992447                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.135817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79172.906103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79710.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79499.705596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38861.949948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43413.221072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55288.437046                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55288.437046                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73661.285225                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73661.285225                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79172.906103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79710.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79499.705596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59094.672280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60117.642492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79172.906103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79710.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79499.705596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59094.672280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60117.642492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1271666                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1602566                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18355                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15507                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10640                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15502                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1149475                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33862                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2874232                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1693                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   508570                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   640905                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            918                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            775                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10067                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11626119                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.988734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33724975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11626631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.900666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5086457181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.988734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33722039                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33722039                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33722039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33722039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33722039                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33722039                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12102739                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12102739                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12102739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12102739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12102739                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12102739                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 159634738782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159634738782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 159634738782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 159634738782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 159634738782                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 159634738782                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45824778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45824778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45824778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     45824778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45824778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     45824778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.264109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.264109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.264109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.264109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.264109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.264109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13189.967889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13189.967889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13189.967889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13189.967889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13189.967889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13189.967889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107631                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        35877                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       476230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       476230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       476230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       476230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       476230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       476230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11626509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11626509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11626509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11626509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11626509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11626509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113197427911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 113197427911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113197427911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 113197427911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113197427911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 113197427911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.253717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.253717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.253717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9736.149339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9736.149339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9736.149339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9736.149339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9736.149339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9736.149339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       192095                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        261045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       192111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.358824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087105863000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       260985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       260985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       260985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       260985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       260985                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       260985                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       192305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       192305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       192305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       192305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       192305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       192305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3282469603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3282469603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3282469603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3282469603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3282469603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3282469603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       453290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       453290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       453290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       453290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       453290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       453290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.424243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.424243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.424243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.424243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.424243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.424243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17069.080903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17069.080903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17069.080903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17069.080903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17069.080903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17069.080903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3878                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3878                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       192305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       192305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       192305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       192305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       192305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2692748985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2692748985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2692748985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2692748985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2692748985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2692748985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.424243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.424243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.424243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14002.490757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14002.490757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14002.490757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14002.490757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14002.490757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14002.490757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2546672                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        359506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2546688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.141166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086420537300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       359473                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       359473                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       359473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       359473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       359473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       359473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2548041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2548041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2548041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2548041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2548041                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2548041                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  41031147899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41031147899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  41031147899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  41031147899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  41031147899                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  41031147899                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2907514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2907514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2907514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2907514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2907514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2907514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.876364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.876364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.876364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16103.017141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16103.017141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16103.017141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16103.017141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16103.017141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16103.017141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7421                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7421                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2548041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2548041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2548041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2548041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2548041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2548041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33257958208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33257958208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33257958208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33257958208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33257958208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33257958208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13052.363839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13052.363839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13052.363839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13052.363839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13052.363839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13052.363839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3113317                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.979716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                96691544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3113829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.052297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086279045300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.979568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     59947717                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       59947717                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36552514                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36552514                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     96500231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        96500231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     96500231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       96500231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3771487                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3771487                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       972897                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       972897                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4744384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       4744384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4744384                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      4744384                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86690979721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86690979721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31601509147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31601509147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118292488868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 118292488868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118292488868                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 118292488868                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63719204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63719204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37525411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37525411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101244615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101244615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101244615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101244615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22985.888516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22985.888516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32481.865138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32481.865138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24933.160737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24933.160737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24933.160737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24933.160737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2180165                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2180165                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1450006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1450006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        10141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        10141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1460147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1460147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1460147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1460147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2321481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2321481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       962756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       962756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3284237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3284237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3284237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3284237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43378148521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43378148521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28007128014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28007128014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71385276535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  71385276535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71385276535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  71385276535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4691971540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4691971540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9077148536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9077148536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13769120076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13769120076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18685.549665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18685.549665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29090.577482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29090.577482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21735.726300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21735.726300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21735.726300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21735.726300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               739848910                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57154036                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57154036                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7380370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48571063                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29316512                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    385798958                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             282305687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57154036                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29316512                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             90459070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26116279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2042471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     148358471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       198960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       319767                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         45824780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5267770                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          82703                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    645398569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.835018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.287305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       557888647     86.44%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6186506      0.96%     87.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4421675      0.69%     88.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6904910      1.07%     89.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5340697      0.83%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6064877      0.94%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6141188      0.95%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4959858      0.77%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47490211      7.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    645398569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.077251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.381572                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       378594539                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    163039574                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84004476                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1539145                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18220835                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     527811030                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          339                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18220835                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       383619853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       49474089                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    102098062                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         80520202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11465528                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     511842741                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        50112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        782305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7359049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        16840                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    562769479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1288759342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1278390393                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10368949                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    429834351                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       132935134                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2897601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2917944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         36972108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     76684314                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     46888286                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6565461                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3976977                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         489173561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4044601                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        461239529                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1122320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     96544406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    136956594                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1168291                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    645398569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.714658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.463188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    469052399     72.68%     72.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61046092      9.46%     82.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41560464      6.44%     88.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25655785      3.98%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20212689      3.13%     95.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14100373      2.18%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8573631      1.33%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4266341      0.66%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       930795      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    645398569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         780628     29.82%     29.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       105341      4.02%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1019020     38.92%     72.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       713055     27.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3183068      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    339215064     73.54%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2831897      0.61%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     72441051     15.71%     90.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43568449      9.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     461239529                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.623424                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2618044                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1565459484                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    584622201                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    445008706                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7055541                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5249322                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3201535                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     457110461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3564044                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6574824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16175444                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        84110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       115860                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9290814                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       100457                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18220835                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       40254354                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       427639                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    493218162                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4224386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     76684314                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     46888538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3518941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        155963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        14524                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       115860                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3072089                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5120986                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8193075                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    453449504                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     70423916                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7790026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           113001219                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45540753                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42577303                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.612895                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             448878856                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            448210241                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        288956390                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        449602863                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.605813                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642693                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    105752740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2876311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7404643                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    627541214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.617117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.580046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    496795893     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     47490843      7.57%     86.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22233195      3.54%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23722904      3.78%     94.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     12071786      1.92%     95.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4946118      0.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3902916      0.62%     97.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3315037      0.53%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13062522      2.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    627541214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    205584377                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     387266610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              98106594                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60508870                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             424467                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40530255                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2569783                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        383505613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13062522                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1106912879                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1004291883                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5346343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               94450341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59331697147                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          205584377                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            387266610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    205584377                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.598760                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.598760                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.277873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.277873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       899483079                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      485218579                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5712723                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3019823                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      209722781                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2643962                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2515942                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1213344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        73456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2724315000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       451172526                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3179296036                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2724315000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2724315000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2185042                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    303743590                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       308890040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            81797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       151668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        340539375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         71504436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           412287179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           77343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45202263                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45325878                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             125773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          136189992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22554361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             158934742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     136189992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        136189992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            109231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15184308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15441582                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            235005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         136189992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37738668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            174376324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1602566                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1271666                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15507                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18355                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11612                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18351                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1149475                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33862                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2874232                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1693                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  640905                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  508570                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           775                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           918                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9163                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073276796                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 254477452                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   481154738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           476798601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2046663                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32962082                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  476798601                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2046663                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1218270305                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        535301356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3416741                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1671818                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   116779474                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  71522119                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45257355                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59507888618.272682                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             565388177.727317                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009412                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990588                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
