
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  71100                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   126250                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39696378                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519170                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        921878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432311824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    225870785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              980318948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432311824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432974202                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432311824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    225870785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1287662186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.212240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083047874000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.212240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.575765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.575765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245981824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245981824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246902824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246902824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246902824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246902824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41863.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41863.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       174703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       174703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172659.317483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172659.317483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172659.317483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172659.317483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1693700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10652.201258                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       652800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       652800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229016992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229016992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229669792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229669792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229669792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229669792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29672.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29672.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162654.113636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162654.113636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160608.246154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160608.246154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160608.246154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160608.246154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           163                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1864.367912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              56                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.343558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          172.527389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.506024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.737952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1227.920918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    425.675771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.042121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.103925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.455168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1863                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1059                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5275                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1863                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5437                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1985                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1985                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3070                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3278177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203831809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74074683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      281598377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33907910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33907910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3278177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203831809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107982593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       315506287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3278177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203831809                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107982593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      315506287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          492                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              495                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.398978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.341613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.670732                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.672727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.458296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.360879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.458296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.360879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102443.031250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       103427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102686.049874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105369.392603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102885.778955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102751.242424                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101825.555556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102443.031250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       103427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102686.049874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104533.003872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102770.777524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102443.031250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       103427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102686.049874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104533.003872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102770.777524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3103177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192874604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70240365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266609754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32074310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32074310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3103177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192874604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102314675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298684064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3103177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192874604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102314675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298684064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7502036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7502036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11320442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11320442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.398978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.670732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.458296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.458296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96974.281250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97166.047355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99915.170697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97874.359031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97194.878788                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97194.878788                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96974.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97166.047355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99046.151985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97800.937787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96974.281250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97166.047355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99046.151985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97800.937787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1750.712384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.805893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.215466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.738146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1257.376893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    449.576128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     36                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              18                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   18                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     36                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2981077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185799991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67640365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      256798841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30875406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30875406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2981077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185799991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98515771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287674247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2981077                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377408                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185799991                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98515771                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287674247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           18                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               18                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96163.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94892.743105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97324.266187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95075.468715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93846.218845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92998.210843                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96163.774194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94892.743105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96206.807617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94848.086713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96163.774194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94892.743105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96206.807617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94848.086713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2550259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158281526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57968591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219121576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26169957                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26169957                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2550259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158281526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84138548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245291533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2550259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158281526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84138548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245291533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82266.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80838.368744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83408.044604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81518.443452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79543.942249                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79543.942249                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82266.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80838.368744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82166.550781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81303.126616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82266.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80838.368744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82166.550781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81303.126616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3339                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.810247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.337526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049942000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.299919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.510328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.895528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.896114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21603                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21586                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21603                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4515                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4518                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4515                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4518                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294542419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294542419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294542419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294542419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294542419                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294542419                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.172964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.172964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.172964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65236.416168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65193.098495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65236.416168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65193.098495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65236.416168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65193.098495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229787808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229787808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229787808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229787808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229787808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229787808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59716.166320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59716.166320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59716.166320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59716.166320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59716.166320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59716.166320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          108                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.075275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.342034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.733241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          256                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2090910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2090910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2090910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2090910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2090910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2090910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.317333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.317333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.317333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18668.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17570.672269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18668.839286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17570.672269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18668.839286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17570.672269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1743214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1743214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1743214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1743214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1743214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1743214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15564.410714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15564.410714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15564.410714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15564.410714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15564.410714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15564.410714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2264                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.103146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.106890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.012434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2275                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2281                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32336625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32336625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32336625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32336625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32336625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32336625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.876970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.876970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.876970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14213.901099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14176.512495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14213.901099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14176.512495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14213.901099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14176.512495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25352890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25352890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25352890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25352890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25352890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25352890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11144.127473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11144.127473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11144.127473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11144.127473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11144.127473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11144.127473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  2001                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               221.989047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  2001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.676662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083153753000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.594372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   221.394675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.864823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.867145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26588                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26589                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16035                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16039                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        42623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           42628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        42623                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          42628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2926                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          508                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          511                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3434                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3437                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    160301993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160301993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     39416739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39416739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    199718732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    199718732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    199718732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    199718732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030876                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54785.370130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54785.370130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77592.005906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77136.475538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58159.211415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58108.446901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58159.211415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58108.446901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89923955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89923955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36490510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36490510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126414465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126414465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126414465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126414465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7786632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7786632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11774924                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11774924                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51006.213840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51006.213840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74167.703252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74167.703252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56059.629712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56059.629712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56059.629712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56059.629712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772909                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38891                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6324                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29091                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15227                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175693                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                187794                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                55107                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1878                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        165013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           24                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          505                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26101                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             41                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       416825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.832625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.300299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          362885     87.06%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2635      0.63%     87.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2020      0.48%     88.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2874      0.69%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3966      0.95%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3750      0.90%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5228      1.25%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1956      0.47%     92.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31511      7.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       416825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242970                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          171504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174840                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49496                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18605                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        333402                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18605                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          175939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54508                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47384                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12237                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        316777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          142                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       347178                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       783379                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       783289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       211035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          136137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          964                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            31677                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2245                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            294432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1652                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           262104                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       100014                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       144094                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          841                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       416825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.628811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.398213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       319064     76.55%     76.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32647      7.83%     84.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20633      4.95%     89.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16574      3.98%     93.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11526      2.77%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8669      2.08%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5395      1.29%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1886      0.45%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          431      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       416825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            493     39.57%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           397     31.86%     71.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          356     28.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2934      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       201531     76.89%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35912     13.70%     91.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21717      8.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        262104                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339114                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1246                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004754                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       944686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       396221                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       249501                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        260402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4457                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15593                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          179                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8690                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18605                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93377                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          780                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       296084                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1220                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           96                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          179                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1139                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6291                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7430                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       254449                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34045                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54790                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25685                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20745                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329210                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                250217                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               249510                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           162393                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           254961                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322819                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.636933                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       108096                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          810                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6375                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       398280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.471987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.399923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       333887     83.83%     83.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        23848      5.99%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12229      3.07%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9794      2.46%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5859      1.47%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2942      0.74%     97.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1602      0.40%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2415      0.61%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5704      1.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       398280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103436                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        187983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41651                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25062                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20486                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           186145                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              688527                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             610892                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2618                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 356084                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97523                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               187983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.472340                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.472340                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          487662                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         271253                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111243                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           656                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.048994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048994138758                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132501763537                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42589                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    82186                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1643888923                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4737276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36528.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1555729312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3002142388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3402752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           101056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       187648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2753856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     55218432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            61702656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2753856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2753856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     40515584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         40515584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        43029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       862788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               964104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         633056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              633056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        45860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       919556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                1027539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        45860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             45860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           674709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                674709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           674709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        45860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       919556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1702247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   275285                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.888956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   275300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.042554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.846402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            61                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               61                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            243                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               243                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3528                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       405580                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          409108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22525                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          73725                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        428105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           482833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       428105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          482833                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    506500664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  46627574221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47134074885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8916576600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    966158000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9882734600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9423077264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  47593732221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57016809485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9423077264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  47593732221                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57016809485                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       405762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        409290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       428348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         483076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       428348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        483076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143565.947846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114965.171411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115211.814203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174151.886719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42892.697003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134048.621228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172180.186815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111173.035169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118088.054224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172180.186815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111173.035169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118088.054224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    400626220                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47244                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8479.938617                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55109                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55109                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       405580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       409108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        73725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       428105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       482833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       428105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       482833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    463873384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  41738432500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42202305884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8299457792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    683178300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8982636092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8763331176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42421610800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51184941976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8763331176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42421610800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51184941976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997299                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131483.385488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102910.480053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103156.882496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162098.785000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30329.780244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121839.757097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160125.185938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99091.603228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106009.618183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160125.185938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99091.603228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106009.618183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6461834                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4063.186245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        60726101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6465901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          9.391746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  6048314586617                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1445.394615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.032243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   138.441237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.094519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1057.002086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1420.221385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.352880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.258057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.346734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.991989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20541877                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       411786                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12122133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13675120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               46750916                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        15363204                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             15363204                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       798114                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              798114                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3230333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              3230333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20541877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       411786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12122133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     16905453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                49981249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20541877                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       411786                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12122133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16905453                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               49981249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5732                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1143107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3791984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5063604                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        43263                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             43263                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1739667                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1739667                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1143107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5531651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               6803271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5732                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1143107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5531651                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              6803271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2824356090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    171572022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28640425814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130579481932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   162215835858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2473863479                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2473863479                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  91468709728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  91468709728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2824356090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    171572022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28640425814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 222048191660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    253684545586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2824356090                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    171572022                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28640425814                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 222048191660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   253684545586                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20664658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       417518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13265240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17467104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           51814520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     15363204                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         15363204                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       841377                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          841377                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4970000                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4970000                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20664658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       417518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13265240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22437104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            56784520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20664658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       417518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13265240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22437104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           56784520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.217093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.097726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051419                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.051419                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.350034                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.350034                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.119809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.119809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23003.201554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29932.313678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25054.894961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34435.662685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32035.648099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57181.967940                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57181.967940                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52578.286378                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52578.286378                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23003.201554                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29932.313678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25054.894961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40141.395699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37288.613901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23003.201554                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29932.313678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25054.894961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40141.395699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37288.613901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4012936                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4012936                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1143101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3791984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5063596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43263                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        43263                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1739667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1739667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1143101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5531651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          6803263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1143101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5531651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         6803263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2169408037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    140678888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22154400998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109629944584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 134094432507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3300183893                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3300183893                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81640348878                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  81640348878                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2169408037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    140678888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22154400998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191270293462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 215734781385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2169408037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    140678888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22154400998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191270293462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 215734781385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8755713581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8755713581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11980193187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11980193187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20735906768                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20735906768                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.217093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051419                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051419                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.350034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.119808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17668.923017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24551.289354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19380.965460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28910.972352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26482.055936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76281.901232                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76281.901232                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46928.721921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46928.721921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17668.923017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24551.289354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19380.965460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34577.433295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31710.486775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17668.923017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24551.289354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19380.965460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34577.433295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31710.486775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        880881                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32131.715072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8157659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        913158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          8.933458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17496.244256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.179173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.380102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   142.192221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    23.885438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2359.115380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12107.702443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.533943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.071994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.369498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.980582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119849                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5122                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1100071                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3233524                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4458566                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4012936                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4012936                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          247                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 247                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1059287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1059287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1100071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4292811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5517853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119849                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5122                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1100071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4292811                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5517853                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          608                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        43030                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       558460                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               605030                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       365975                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            365975                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       357421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             357421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        43030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       915881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                962451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2932                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          608                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        43030                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       915881                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               962451                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    271743791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56502086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4024905462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51681393115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    56034544454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    647051890                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    647051890                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33016270832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  33016270832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    271743791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56502086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4024905462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84697663947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     89050815286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    271743791                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56502086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4024905462                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84697663947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    89050815286                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1143101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3791984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5063596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4012936                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4012936                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       366222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          366222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1416708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1416708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1143101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5208692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6480304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1143101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5208692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6480304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.147274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.119486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999326                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.999326                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252290                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.252290                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.148519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.148519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92682.056958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92931.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93537.194097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92542.694401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92614.489288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1768.022105                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1768.022105                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92373.617756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92373.617756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92682.056958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92931.062500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93537.194097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92476.712528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92525.037935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92682.056958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92931.062500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93537.194097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92476.712528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92525.037935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              577947                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   577947                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        43030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       558460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          605030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       365975                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       365975                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       357421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        357421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        43030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       915881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           962451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        43030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       915881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          962451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    230604130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47972325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3417680505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43847681106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47543938066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27866530003                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27866530003                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27866027978                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27866027978                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    230604130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47972325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3417680505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71713709084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75409966044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    230604130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47972325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3417680505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71713709084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75409966044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7853877104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7853877104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10654121249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10654121249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18507998353                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18507998353                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.147274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999326                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999326                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.148519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78650.794679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78901.850329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.528817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78515.347753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78581.125012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76143.261160                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76143.261160                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77964.159851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77964.159851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78650.794679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78901.850329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.528817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78300.247613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78352.005498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78650.794679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78901.850329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.528817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78300.247613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78352.005498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24083739                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68316                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18631                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        334                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   260                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18441                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3217647                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     18965                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24152055                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3208545                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9101                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            310                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19479                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              13265237                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               139921939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              13265749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.547609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139913608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      139913608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139913608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       139913608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139913608                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      139913608                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13935221                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13935221                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13935221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13935221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13935221                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13935221                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228650086264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 228650086264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228650086264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 228650086264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228650086264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 228650086264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    153848829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    153848829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    153848829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    153848829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    153848829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    153848829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16408.070332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16408.070332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16408.070332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16408.070332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16408.070332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16408.070332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       763352                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 29359.692308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       669954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       669954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       669954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       669954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       669954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       669954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13265267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13265267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13265267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13265267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13265267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13265267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 173758953567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 173758953567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 173758953567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 173758953567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 173758953567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 173758953567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13098.790516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13098.790516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13098.790516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13098.790516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13098.790516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13098.790516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       417551                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        658099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       417567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.576032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083942599300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       657864                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       657864                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       657864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       657864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       657864                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       657864                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       417755                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       417755                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       417755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       417755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       417755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       417755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8754239982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8754239982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8754239982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   8754239982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8754239982                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   8754239982                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1075619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1075619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1075619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1075619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1075619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1075619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.388386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.388386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.388386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.388386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.388386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.388386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20955.440347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20955.440347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20955.440347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20955.440347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20955.440347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20955.440347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4321                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4321                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       417755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       417755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       417755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       417755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       417755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       417755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7489971106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7489971106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7489971106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7489971106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7489971106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7489971106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.388386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.388386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.388386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17929.099846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17929.099846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17929.099846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17929.099846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17929.099846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17929.099846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20667069                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       8896153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20667085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.430450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8895830                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8895830                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8895830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8895830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8895830                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8895830                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20668590                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20668590                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20668590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20668590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20668590                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20668590                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 257717931137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 257717931137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 257717931137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 257717931137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 257717931137                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 257717931137                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29564420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29564420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29564420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     29564420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29564420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     29564420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.699104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.699104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.699104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.699104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.699104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.699104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12469.062047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12469.062047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12469.062047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12469.062047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12469.062047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12469.062047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        18281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        18281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20668590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20668590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20668590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20668590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20668590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20668590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 195187468777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 195187468777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 195187468777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 195187468777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 195187468777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 195187468777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.699104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.699104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.699104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9443.676070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9443.676070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9443.676070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9443.676070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9443.676070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9443.676070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              22415634                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.982371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               240330496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              22415890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 10.721434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.982371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    137311849                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      137311849                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    102124697                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     102124697                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    239436546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       239436546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    239436546                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      239436546                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     32072411                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     32072411                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5856051                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5856051                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     37928462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      37928462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     37928462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     37928462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 909795903274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 909795903274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164623960724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 164623960724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1074419863998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1074419863998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1074419863998                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1074419863998                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169384260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169384260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    107980748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    107980748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    277365008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    277365008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    277365008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    277365008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.054232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.136746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.136746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28366.932042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28366.932042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28111.770325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28111.770325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28327.535770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28327.535770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28327.535770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28327.535770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15340608                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         15340608                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14590626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     14590626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        68000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        68000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14658626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     14658626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14658626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     14658626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17481785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17481785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5788051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5788051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23269836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23269836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23269836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23269836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 352024569455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 352024569455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 141280902279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 141280902279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 493305471734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 493305471734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 493305471734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 493305471734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9114319933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9114319933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12473654265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12473654265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21587974198                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21587974198                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20136.649058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20136.649058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24409.063134                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24409.063134                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21199.353177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21199.353177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21199.353177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21199.353177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2565418222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       206646289                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    206646289                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     23262478                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131339116                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        92622336                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    854038255                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             942533158                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          206646289                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     92622336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            313598832                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       83150374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          12000065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1185360555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      6110610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1732983                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          393                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        153848852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     14117815                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         109192                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2432029992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.779859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.223335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2124187133     87.34%     87.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        24152756      0.99%     88.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15643659      0.64%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19572389      0.80%     89.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21703127      0.89%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19977063      0.82%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17639584      0.73%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23286087      0.96%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       165868194      6.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2432029992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.080551                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.367399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       827863431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1242408419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        289548254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     13021589                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      59188299                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1866493194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          795                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      59188299                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       863962146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      855710992                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    255976633                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        265565910                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    131626012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1822908558                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1653251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      56156023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     64074327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1742559                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2038339764                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4642128259                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4331887957                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    310240302                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1517199369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       521140513                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3646672                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3766336                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        303332187                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    204667246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    128691806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16323294                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14620357                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1665657475                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6416830                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1549672951                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     11706343                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    301843888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    454241734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2027333                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2432029992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.637193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.330783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1782340578     73.29%     73.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    257350008     10.58%     83.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    158254558      6.51%     90.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     90964643      3.74%     94.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61390481      2.52%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43522889      1.79%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     29293469      1.20%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7324213      0.30%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1589153      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2432029992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3260866     37.06%     37.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12653      0.14%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3160896     35.92%     73.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2365612     26.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     34011473      2.19%      2.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1114067085     71.89%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     91472882      5.90%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    190889287     12.32%     92.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    119232224      7.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1549672951                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.604063                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8800027                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5341601034                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1820971312                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1414042891                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    218058856                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    153135938                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106097938                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1415624527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      108836978                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     17526754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     39598260                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       205147                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       202341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     21431453                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       111691                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      59188299                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      651273422                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     12153842                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1672074305                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     54348691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    204667246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    128691806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4322067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       6442314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       787979                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       202341                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7005334                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18975367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25980701                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1528317460                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    186745178                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21355491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           304625702                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156123161                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117880524                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.595738                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1521317308                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1520140829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1014395548                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1763655994                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.592551                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.575166                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    328325228                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4389497                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     23435123                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2373165190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.566262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.609496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1950050130     82.17%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    148421904      6.25%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     85991281      3.62%     92.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     60279986      2.54%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25393444      1.07%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15758775      0.66%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13606718      0.57%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8723102      0.37%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     64939850      2.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2373165190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    671489271                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1343832897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             272329354                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            165068997                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1518704                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         139932646                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270040                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1269711972                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     64939850                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3979626012                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3404494761                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7640132                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              133388230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177760642530                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          671489271                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1343832897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    671489271                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.820490                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.820490                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.261747                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.261747                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3078710458                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1586436491                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185145645                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96976994                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      603215318                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3131414                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          375724                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72769400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77631456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9340041664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1864391561                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11355324149                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9340041664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9340041664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24391147                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1205019470                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1231225145                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9096175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1167505208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260406909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1446734850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          406900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156825882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157261134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1211834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155540352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31047840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             189100988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155540352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155540352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            406187                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20067272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20503676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            412444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1211834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155540352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51115112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209604665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68316                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24083739                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       334                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18631                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  124                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  182                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18441                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3217647                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    18965                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24152055                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9101                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3208545                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           310                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14314                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327299710                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 883178500                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1656431743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1649659992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               441973                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111749053                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1649659992                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      441973                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4200431154                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1819875629                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             716945                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364227                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417898884                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260712123                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157186761                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178386427724.175110                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1940871985.824873                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010763                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989237                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
