
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  88037                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   156990                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47928316                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              299648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        74432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            74432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    262108254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    276572422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1026079302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464387450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        254876170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             254876170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        254876170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    262108254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    276572422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1280955472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1189                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.714694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613789000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.714694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.544668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.544668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1206                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1206                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216989848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    216989848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217762848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    217762848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217762848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    217762848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40684.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40684.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179925.247098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179925.247098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1570600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10540.939597                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1170                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1170                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       542900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       542900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    202704592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202704592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203247492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203247492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203247492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203247492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28573.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28573.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168080.092869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168080.092869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1589                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1450.815084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.917558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           92.835758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.653878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.844696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.178423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    25.357961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.230192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    932.631916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    384.082262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.227693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.354203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2459                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             696                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  696                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2459                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3714                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                323                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4037                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7813065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2949354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230238745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104651939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      345653103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33010872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33010872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7813065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2949354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230238745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137662811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       378663975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7813065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2949354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230238745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137662811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      378663975                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          696                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              696                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.698433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.465997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.076923                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779661                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.780193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.481512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.481512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94133.313253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79712.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91655.551354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97805.550467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93067.609855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102518.236025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102200.842105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94133.313253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79712.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91655.551354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98895.697557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93798.358930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94133.313253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79712.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91655.551354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98895.697557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93798.358930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 114                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      114                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2746458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216293859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98769947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325169554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31225591                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31225591                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2746458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216293859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129995538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356395145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2746458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216293859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129995538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356395145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10248028                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10248028                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.698433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.479962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88666.144578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74228.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86104.243232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92308.361682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87836.184225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96973.885093                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96973.885093                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88666.144578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74228.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86104.243232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93387.599138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88567.381958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88666.144578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74228.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86104.243232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93387.599138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88567.381958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1798.535290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           14.074744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.777943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.056663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1194.339941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    538.286135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             114                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  114                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3173                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6882290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202850969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93489325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305701390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29831418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29831418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6882290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202850969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123320743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       335532808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6882290                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202850969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123320743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      335532808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          114                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              114                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              321                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.854335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.975078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.863941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.863941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101210.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99152.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95774.772899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98409.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96344.591869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95613.519231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95308.044728                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101210.147059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99152.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95774.772899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97718.496830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96251.522662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101210.147059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99152.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95774.772899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97718.496830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96251.522662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5936729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2131582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173121129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80234606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261424046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25395070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25395070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5936729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2131582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173121129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105629676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286819116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5936729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2131582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173121129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105629676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286819116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87304.838235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85263.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81738.021246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84457.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82702.956659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81394.455128                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81394.455128                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87304.838235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85263.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81738.021246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83700.218700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82585.406277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87304.838235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85263.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81738.021246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83700.218700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82585.406277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3246                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.159451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.869686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598617005300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.299721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.859730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.868867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.869452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25984                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4465                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4466                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4466                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315709432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315709432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315709432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    315709432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315709432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    315709432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70707.599552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70691.767129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70707.599552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70691.767129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70707.599552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70691.767129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248086007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248086007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248086007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248086007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248086007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248086007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.006920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66033.006920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          114                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.238713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.938596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598750080300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.103903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.693994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.702420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          627                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          627                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4354870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4354870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4354870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4354870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4354870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4354870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.171731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.171731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34290.314961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        33499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34290.314961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        33499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34290.314961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        33499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3946062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3946062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3946062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3946062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3946062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3946062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31071.354331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31071.354331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2533                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.264903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619092300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.820842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.096536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2550                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35745352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35745352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35745352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35745352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35745352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35745352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.775312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.775312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.775312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14056.371215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.785098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14056.371215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.785098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14056.371215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.785098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27884195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27884195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27884195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27884195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27884195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27884195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.078647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.078647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1457                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               367.576829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.783802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.179328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   367.397501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.717573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.717923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17346                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17347                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221115468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221115468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37355708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37355708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258471176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    258471176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258471176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    258471176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025449                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78716.791741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78688.778648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82645.371681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82462.931567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79261.323520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79212.741649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79261.323520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79212.741649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          696                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              696                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112535568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112535568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34729229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34729229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147264797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147264797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7329535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7329535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652768                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652768                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73456.637076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73456.637076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79109.861048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79109.861048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44430                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44430                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33260                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18103                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       197412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18103                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62914                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          747                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30440                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4026                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             84                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       451673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.875640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.348678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          390078     86.36%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2840      0.63%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2451      0.54%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3352      0.74%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5049      1.12%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3764      0.83%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5812      1.29%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2799      0.62%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35528      7.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       451673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050665                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          197440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174514                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20431                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20431                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          202637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54066                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          103                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       397516                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       900434                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       900276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244176                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1103                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36435                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1309                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            335459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297881                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1593                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112255                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          876                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       451673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.431355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341198     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36612      8.11%     83.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23761      5.26%     88.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18170      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12869      2.85%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9781      2.17%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6583      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2234      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          465      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       451673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            754     49.70%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           380     25.05%     74.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          383     25.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3250      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229845     77.16%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41387     13.89%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23389      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297881                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339681                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1517                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005093                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1051525                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449558                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283794                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           62                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             31                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5130                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17788                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          154                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9591                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20431                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91442                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337226                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1379                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1444                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6597                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8041                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289094                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39306                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29687                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22327                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329661                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284633                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283812                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186727                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297157                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323638                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628378                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       431331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       356998     82.77%     82.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27559      6.39%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13787      3.20%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11698      2.71%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6753      1.57%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3348      0.78%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1987      0.46%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2797      0.65%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6404      1.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       431331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117739                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47298                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29452                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24018                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214746                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              762004                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             695048                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2715                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 425270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.448195                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.448195                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134261                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134261                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560510                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309912                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126560                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.044751                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2044750577625                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9643813731135                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21070                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36758                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21456685                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5058756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95296.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007891127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3502918961                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1503232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4269632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       800000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61440192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    305091264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           373107904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61440192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61440192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    170508352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        170508352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        66713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       960003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4767051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5829811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2664193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2664193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       735166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2088094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30047769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    149207080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              182471108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30047769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30047769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         83388338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              83388338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         83388338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       735166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2088094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30047769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    149207080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             265859446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23916                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.977225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         35                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.817111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.160114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.010007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.998577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23558                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23966                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1944936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17124936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4204752064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5624000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4210376064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4219932064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7568936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4227501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4219932064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7568936                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4227501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.969121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41362.397820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47437.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41972.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179017.032698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 80342.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178723.833263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176899.269084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68188.612613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176395.769006                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176899.269084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68188.612613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176395.769006                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28331700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2722                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10408.412932                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23534                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23534                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10704300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1434700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12139000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3921745956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4766400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3926512356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3932450256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6201100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3938651356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3932450256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6201100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3938651356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29167.029973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34992.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29752.450980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166968.066928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 68091.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166674.265897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164848.050975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55865.765766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164343.292832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164848.050975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55865.765766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164343.292832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      28239289                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2990.871007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        77304769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      28243256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.737105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          697.478372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   114.418220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.708529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    644.959936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1498.305842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.170283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.157461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.365797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.730193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31022799                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2350063                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8942267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19882111                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               62197240                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20255645                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20255645                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1476709                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1476709                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4974535                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              4974535                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31022799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2350063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8942267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24856646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                67171775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31022799                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2350063                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8942267                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24856646                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               67171775                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1161533                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       392212                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6897405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14637405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23088555                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21854                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             21854                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4382554                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            4382554                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1161533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       392212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6897405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19019959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27471109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1161533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       392212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6897405                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19019959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27471109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30520845864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9606447279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 227445574769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 542412783168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   809985651080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194489093                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    194489093                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 259877013481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 259877013481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30520845864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9606447279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 227445574769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 802289796649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1069862664561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30520845864                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9606447279                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 227445574769                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 802289796649                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1069862664561                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32184332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2742275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15839672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     34519516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           85285795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20255645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20255645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1498563                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1498563                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9357089                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9357089                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32184332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2742275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15839672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43876605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            94642884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32184332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2742275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15839672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43876605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           94642884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.270720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014583                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.014583                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468367                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.468367                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.290261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.290261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26276.348467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24492.996846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32975.528444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37056.621933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35081.695285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8899.473460                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8899.473460                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59298.074475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59298.074475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26276.348467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24492.996846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32975.528444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42181.468249                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38945.011814                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26276.348467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24492.996846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32975.528444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42181.468249                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38945.011814                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             9469552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  9469552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           55                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1161198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6897400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14637350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23087813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21854                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        21854                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4382554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       4382554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1161198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6897400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19019904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27470367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1161198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6897400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19019904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27470367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24220031768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7426747533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 188351816919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 460559770617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 680558366837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    895688627                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    895688627                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 235408904603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 235408904603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24220031768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7426747533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 188351816919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 695968675220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 915967271440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24220031768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7426747533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 188351816919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 695968675220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 915967271440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102831525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102831525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    236003514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    236003514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    338835039                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    338835039                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014583                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014583                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.290253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20857.796662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18952.311467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27307.654612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31464.696179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29476.952487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40985.111513                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40985.111513                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53715.003763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53715.003763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20857.796662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18952.311467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27307.654612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36591.597687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33343.830879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20857.796662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18952.311467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27307.654612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36591.597687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33343.830879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5779978                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32320.577010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26751908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5812745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.602285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  8002332994300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11647.063638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.117849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.458765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   529.917973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   135.449810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6426.592483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13580.968231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.355440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.196124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.414458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1094485                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       379365                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5937396                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11935108                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               19346354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9469552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              9469552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15011                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               15011                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2317387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2317387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1094485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       379365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5937396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14252495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                21663741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1094485                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       379365                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5937396                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14252495                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               21663741                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        66713                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960004                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2702242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3741459                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6980                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6980                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2065030                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2065030                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        66713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4767272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5806489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        66713                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960004                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4767272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5806489                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6218373116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1184027845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89695519198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 252837205346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   349935125505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67101026                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     67101026                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191711279049                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 191711279049                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6218373116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1184027845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89695519198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 444548484395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    541646404554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6218373116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1184027845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89695519198                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 444548484395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   541646404554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1161198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6897400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14637350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23087813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9469552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          9469552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21991                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           21991                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4382417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4382417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1161198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6897400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19019767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27470230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1161198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6897400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19019767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27470230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.162053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317403                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.317403                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.471208                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.471208                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.211374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.211374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93210.815223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94722.227600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93432.443196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93565.715190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93529.055244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9613.327507                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9613.327507                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92837.043069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92837.043069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93210.815223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94722.227600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93432.443196                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93250.077695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93282.946812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93210.815223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94722.227600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93432.443196                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93250.077695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93282.946812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2640659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2640659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        66713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2702242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3741459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6980                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6980                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2065030                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2065030                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        66713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4767272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5806489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        66713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4767272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5806489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5282563714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1009350273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76158302824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 214775828722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 297226045533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    546461459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546461459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162094881193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162094881193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5282563714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1009350273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76158302824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376870709915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 459320926726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5282563714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1009350273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76158302824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376870709915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 459320926726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     91805330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     91805330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    207306643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    207306643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    299111973                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    299111973                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317403                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317403                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.471208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.211374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79183.423231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80748.021840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79331.234895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79480.604891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79441.214118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78289.607307                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78289.607307                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78495.170139                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78495.170139                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79183.423231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80748.021840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79331.234895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79053.746024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79104.761367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79183.423231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80748.021840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79331.234895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79053.746024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79104.761367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9578                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2723                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6855                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  12                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15839735                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               493697431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15840247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.167281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    493689608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      493689608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    493689608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       493689608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    493689608                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      493689608                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17173453                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     17173453                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17173453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      17173453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17173453                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     17173453                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 446352935927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 446352935927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 446352935927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 446352935927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 446352935927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 446352935927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    510863061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    510863061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    510863061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    510863061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    510863061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    510863061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25990.867179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25990.867179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25990.867179                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25990.867179                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25990.867179                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25990.867179                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9731293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            241                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40378.809129                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1333624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1333624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1333624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1333624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1333624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1333624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15839829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15839829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15839829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15839829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15839829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15839829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 347433309781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 347433309781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 347433309781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 347433309781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 347433309781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 347433309781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21934.157861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21934.157861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21934.157861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21934.157861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21934.157861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21934.157861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2742908                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9310312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2742924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.394302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9310104                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9310104                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9310104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9310104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9310104                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9310104                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2743109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2743109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2743109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2743109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2743109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2743109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  45673189011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45673189011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  45673189011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45673189011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  45673189011                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45673189011                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12053213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12053213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12053213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12053213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12053213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12053213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16650.154628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16650.154628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16650.154628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16650.154628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16650.154628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16650.154628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2891                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2891                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2743109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2743109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2743109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2743109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2743109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2743109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  36966349429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36966349429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  36966349429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36966349429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  36966349429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36966349429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13476.077483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13476.077483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13476.077483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13476.077483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13476.077483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13476.077483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     32202967                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      62040970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     32202983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.926560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62040614                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     62040614                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62040614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     62040614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62040614                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     62040614                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     32211142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     32211142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211142                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     32211142                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 406980886903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 406980886903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 406980886903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 406980886903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 406980886903                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 406980886903                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94251756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94251756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94251756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     94251756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94251756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     94251756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.341756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.341756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.341756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12634.786028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12634.786028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12634.786028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12634.786028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12634.786028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12634.786028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       273141                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       273141                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     32211142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     32211142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     32211142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 306078385262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 306078385262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 306078385262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 306078385262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 306078385262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 306078385262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9502.251900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9502.251900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9502.251900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9502.251900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9502.251900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9502.251900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              43876114                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               987396947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              43876626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.503940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    726640291                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      726640291                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    259020611                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     259020611                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    985660902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       985660902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    985660902                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      985660902                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     54349221                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     54349221                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10884556                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10884556                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     65233777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      65233777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     65233777                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     65233777                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1632510325668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1632510325668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388920519176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 388920519176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2021430844844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2021430844844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2021430844844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2021430844844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    780989512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    780989512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    269905167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    269905167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1050894679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1050894679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1050894679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1050894679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30037.419040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30037.419040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35731.408720                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35731.408720                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30987.487431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30987.487431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30987.487431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30987.487431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     19979613                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         19979613                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19818159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     19818159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        51115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19869274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     19869274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19869274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     19869274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     34531062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     34531062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10833441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10833441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     45364503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     45364503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     45364503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     45364503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 796213989498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 796213989498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 347589784108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 347589784108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1143803773606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1143803773606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1143803773606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1143803773606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    107212027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    107212027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    246889880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    246889880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    354101907                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    354101907                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23057.906227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23057.906227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32084.891966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32084.891966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25213.629555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25213.629555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25213.629555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25213.629555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6140392125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       601030829                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    601030829                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     64032803                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    435627847                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       351591076                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1975500849                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3309865180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          601030829                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    351591076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            982351124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      345314403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          88744481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1933347787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        88891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1923779                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2561                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        510863281                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31306064                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1291775                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5261661914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.105726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.549547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4295860825     81.64%     81.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59904303      1.14%     82.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59591948      1.13%     83.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        87249612      1.66%     85.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        66346534      1.26%     86.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80888748      1.54%     88.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        60091818      1.14%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        67088334      1.28%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       484639792      9.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5261661914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.097882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.539032                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2051412141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1987233347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        904513442                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     38800542                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     279702442                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5680555947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2432                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     279702442                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2135285246                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1600075421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     47136293                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        852315445                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    347147067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5520998609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3290254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      60048497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    267057875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2022031                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6176438777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13915965884                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13870892072                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45073812                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3953623563                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2222815236                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2764671                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2764251                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        753973744                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1069754490                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    430515467                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     72199217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     47103988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5279151193                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4978219                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4596778382                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10475292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1726812047                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2589341484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2044442                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5261661914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.873636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.498901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3389886348     64.43%     64.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    677970400     12.89%     77.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    470849119      8.95%     86.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    289153756      5.50%     91.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    199588645      3.79%     95.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    130137177      2.47%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     72934944      1.39%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     26133853      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5007672      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5261661914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6446846     30.08%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27667      0.13%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8966537     41.84%     72.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5990538     27.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31766571      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3302434312     71.84%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7031415      0.15%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    903390870     19.65%     92.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    352155214      7.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4596778382                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.748613                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21431588                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14484905108                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6988172254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4447452549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27296241                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23626451                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12606968                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4572842848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13600551                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     98691086                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    369665588                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       801857                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       897708                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    160613826                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       219397                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     279702442                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1134211323                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     24793903                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5284129412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30129297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1069754490                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    430515467                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4547619                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9700483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2967523                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       897708                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43970468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24958685                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     68929153                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4523482942                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    879995802                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     73295440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1225496539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       434777645                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         345500737                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.736677                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4473898567                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4460059517                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3122967921                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4843459914                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.726348                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644780                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1798895430                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2933777                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     64246106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   4982548628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.700020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.756508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3904466723     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    370385542      7.43%     85.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    166369171      3.34%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    203857430      4.09%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75911687      1.52%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44455960      0.89%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33282614      0.67%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22989302      0.46%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    160830199      3.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   4982548628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999762294                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3487885112                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             969990535                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            700088890                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             184870                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         367311513                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9925732                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3466207622                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    160830199                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10107781360                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10854375413                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               18234242                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              878730211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999762294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3487885112                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999762294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.070561                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.070561                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.325673                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.325673                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8766659060                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4953425592                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12005413                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9218438                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2177771613                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2633687                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74222704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12494465                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           86975353                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74222704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74222704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9059991                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10294255                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9277838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1945041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11254924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1219977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1239298                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        85726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        38178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           36299148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6110508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              42535923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      36299148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         36299148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       602957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4430854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5034480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       604134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        85726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        38178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          36299148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10541362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             47570403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9578                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6855                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2723                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 14                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6133327666                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7055723                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13132105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13077723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1025425                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13077723                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          33932348                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15020929                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3172226                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1949455                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1222771                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6117988002.386070                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15339663.613930                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002501                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997499                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
