
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  81289                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   144950                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44313318                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535703                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        75200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              298304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        73536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            73536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1149                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1149                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    257506019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    274380881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1021477067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        251808013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             251808013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        251808013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    257506019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    274380881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1273285080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1176                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.678705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614438000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.678705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.542419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.542419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1183                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1183                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    211098848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    211098848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    211879848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    211879848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    211879848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    211879848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41105.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41105.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178443.658495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178443.658495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176272.752080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176272.752080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176272.752080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176272.752080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1215800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9726.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1157                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1157                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       548800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       548800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    196977376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196977376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    197526176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    197526176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    197526176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    197526176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28884.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28884.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166506.657650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166506.657650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164331.261231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164331.261231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164331.261231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164331.261231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1561                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1448.164608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.254324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           82.385078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.675345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.983311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.236215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.404202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    946.593853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    374.886628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.020114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.231102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.091525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.353556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1645                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          450                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2453                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1645                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4692                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2537                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3714                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           34                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2537                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1362                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7919508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2940388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231631158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103505204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      345996258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32759135                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32759135                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7919508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2940388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231631158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136264339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       378755393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7919508                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2940388                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231631158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136264339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      378755393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.300885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.698189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.445270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.831606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.832041                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.300885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.462420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.300885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.462420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87994.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91301.205361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99428.630163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93160.004847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102053.380062                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101736.444099                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87994.533333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91301.205361                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100047.238620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93844.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87994.533333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91301.205361                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100047.238620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93844.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7432921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2753160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217540190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97797819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325524090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        75000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        75000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30985369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30985369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7432921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2753160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217540190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128783188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356509459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7432921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2753160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217540190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128783188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356509459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10242431                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10242431                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.300885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.698189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.831606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.300885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.460930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.300885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82588.011111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80975.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85747.020102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93946.031700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87931.952998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96527.629283                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96527.629283                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82588.011111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80975.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85747.020102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94554.469897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88617.812329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82588.011111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80975.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85747.020102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94554.469897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88617.812329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1792.056791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           14.413055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.451267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.069381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1196.926686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    527.196537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           99                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             119                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  119                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          108                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3175                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3487                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6869621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2544960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203810447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92837966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306062994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29677185                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29677185                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6869621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2544960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203810447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122515151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       335740179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6869621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2544960                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203810447                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122515151                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      335740179                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              321                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.764706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.837998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.854873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971875                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.971963                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.764706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.837998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.864188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.764706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.837998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.864188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99559.724638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97883.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95865.685325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98554.104034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96397.793386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95425.032154                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95119.182692                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99559.724638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97883.076923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95865.685325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97777.454908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96283.389447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99559.724638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97883.076923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95865.685325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97777.454908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96283.389447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5924923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2183891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173928349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79706941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261744104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25268331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25268331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5924923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2183891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173928349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104975272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287012435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5924923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2183891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173928349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104975272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287012435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.837998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.837998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.837998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85868.449275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83995.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81810.135936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84614.587049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82751.850775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81248.652733                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81248.652733                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85868.449275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83995.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81810.135936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83779.147646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82617.281232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85868.449275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83995.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81810.135936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83779.147646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82617.281232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3671                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               425.557438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.958867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598722777300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.032893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.524545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.831167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25550                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25541                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25550                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4921                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4922                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4921                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    322845059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322845059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    322845059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    322845059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    322845059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    322845059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65605.579963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65592.250914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65605.579963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65592.250914                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65605.579963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65592.250914                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          739                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          739                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    253406042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253406042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    253406042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    253406042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    253406042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    253406042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60594.462458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60594.462458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60594.462458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60594.462458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60594.462458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60594.462458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          100                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.222230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.680000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598750340300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.087444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.701389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          400                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          400                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4241748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4241748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4241748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4241748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4241748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4241748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37537.592920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36566.793103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37537.592920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36566.793103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37537.592920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36566.793103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3874209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3874209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3874209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3874209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3874209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3874209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34285.035398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34285.035398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34285.035398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34285.035398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34285.035398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34285.035398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2533                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.910790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.290170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619908300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.822490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.088300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          803                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          803                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          803                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          803                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2551                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36965836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36965836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36965836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36965836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36965836                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36965836                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.760584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.760584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.760584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14530.595912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14490.723638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14530.595912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14490.723638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14530.595912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14490.723638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29102789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29102789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29102789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29102789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29102789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29102789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11439.775550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11439.775550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11439.775550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11439.775550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11439.775550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11439.775550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1383                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               363.272743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   36204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 26.177874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.188277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   363.084466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.709149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.709517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17321                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17322                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48644                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2720                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3137                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3139                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    216195524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216195524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36916260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36916260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253111784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253111784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253111784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253111784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023564                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79512.881206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79483.648529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88316.411483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88105.632458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80685.936882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80634.528194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80685.936882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80634.528194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111615416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111615416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34451353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34451353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146066769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146066769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146066769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146066769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3320887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3320887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10646035                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10646035                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74859.433937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74859.433937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84855.549261                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84855.549261                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76998.823933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76998.823933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76998.823933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76998.823933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           43983                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        43983                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32152                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17742                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       203967                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                209944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              43983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17742                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62204                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162563                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          340                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30462                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4262                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             74                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.861831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.333407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          393164     86.59%     86.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2779      0.61%     87.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2435      0.54%     87.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3301      0.73%     88.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4928      1.09%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3747      0.83%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5699      1.26%     91.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2776      0.61%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35210      7.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050155                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          201224                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173789                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        376150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          206266                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53333                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13383                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        357906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          148                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       394874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       895074                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       894908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          166                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152041                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1044                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1040                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36006                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47209                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27340                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1394                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           295941                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1525                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111173                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166530                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          857                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.651796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.423298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343887     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36985      8.15%     83.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23450      5.16%     89.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17968      3.96%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12893      2.84%     95.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9703      2.14%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6453      1.42%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2253      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          447      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            689     47.10%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           398     27.20%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          376     25.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3191      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228164     77.10%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41309     13.96%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23267      7.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        295941                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337469                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1463                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004944                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1049918                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       446457                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           62                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           82                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           19                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             31                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5069                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17791                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          144                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          167                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9543                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91505                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1065                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       335206                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47209                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27340                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1365                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           593                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          167                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287336                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39188                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8603                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61427                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29459                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22239                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327656                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                282916                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282145                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185673                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295284                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321737                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628795                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119702                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359724     82.95%     82.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27399      6.32%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13694      3.16%     92.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11657      2.69%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6812      1.57%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3345      0.77%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1975      0.46%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2754      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6318      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117026                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47178                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29386                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23854                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              762322                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             690901                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422904                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215403                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.493574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.493574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133448                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133448                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          557144                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         308180                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               28                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         125933                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.078172                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2078172172908                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9677235326418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20855                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36303                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21585184                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5061676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 96277.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007901750                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3495172687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1471680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4371136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       834816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     62629376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    313535296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           382845888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62629376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       62629376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    175599168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        175599168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        22995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       978584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4898989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5981967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2743737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2743737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       708161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2103356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       401707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30136760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    150870703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              184222411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30136760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30136760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         84496930                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              84496930                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         84496930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       708161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2103356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       401707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30136760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    150870703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             268719341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23899                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.977593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         35                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.820045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.157547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.009847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.998600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          349                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23558                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23837                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23948                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1949487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16455487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4129821064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5532000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4135353064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4144327064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7481487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4151808551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4144327064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7481487                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4151808551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41564.469914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47548.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42193.556410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175826.850477                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 79028.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175539.225062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173861.100977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67400.783784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173367.652873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173861.100977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67400.783784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173367.652873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     26267300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10477.582768                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23534                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23534                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10231500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1441400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11672900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3846757932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4675200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3851433132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3856989432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6116600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3863106032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3856989432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6116600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3863106032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29316.618911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35156.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29930.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163775.456914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66788.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163487.271076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161806.831061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55104.504505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161312.261233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161806.831061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55104.504505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161312.261233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29533086                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3007.584870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        78671904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29536145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.663581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          688.067517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   114.257599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.634564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    676.324492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1493.300361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.167985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.165118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.364575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.734274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30866526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2384239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9583041                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     20553507                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               63387313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20567723                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20567723                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1501301                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1501301                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5019467                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              5019467                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30866526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2384239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9583041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     25572974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                68406780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30866526                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2384239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9583041                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     25572974                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               68406780                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187660                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       403248                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7670258                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14986001                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24247167                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        25202                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             25202                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4486278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            4486278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       403248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7670258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19472279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28733445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187660                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       403248                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7670258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19472279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28733445                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31246400025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9891213449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 245402204498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 554582431778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   841122249750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191261270                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    191261270                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 268204523764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 268204523764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31246400025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9891213449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 245402204498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 822786955542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1109326773514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31246400025                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9891213449                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 245402204498                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 822786955542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1109326773514                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32054186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2787487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17253299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35539508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           87634480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20567723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20567723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1526503                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1526503                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9505745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9505745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32054186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2787487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17253299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     45045253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            97140225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32054186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2787487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17253299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     45045253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           97140225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.444568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.276685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016510                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.016510                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.471954                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.471954                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.444568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.295793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.444568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.295793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26309.213095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24528.859285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31993.996095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37006.699237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34689.506191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7589.130625                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7589.130625                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59783.304504                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59783.304504                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26309.213095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24528.859285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31993.996095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42254.271087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38607.510290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26309.213095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24528.859285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31993.996095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42254.271087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38607.510290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             9453081                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  9453081                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       402834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7670252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14985954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24246328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        25202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        25202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4486278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       4486278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       402834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7670252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19472232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28732606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       402834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7670252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19472232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28732606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24804677106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7649893195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 201912417340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 470770730714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 705137718355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    942194827                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    942194827                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 243153922418                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 243153922418                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24804677106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7649893195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 201912417340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 713924653132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 948291640773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24804677106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7649893195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 201912417340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 713924653132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 948291640773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102822412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102822412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    236898597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    236898597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    339721009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    339721009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.444567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016510                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016510                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.471954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.444567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.295785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.444567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20891.878892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18990.187509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26324.091743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31414.131574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29082.247768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37385.716491                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37385.716491                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54199.477254                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54199.477254                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20891.878892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18990.187509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26324.091743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36663.729825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33004.024792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20891.878892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18990.187509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26324.091743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36663.729825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33004.024792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5931204                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32326.745797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        27742369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5963742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.651839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7996214975555                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11500.235498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.119495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.467583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.008313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   535.214549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   132.818052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6498.399826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13659.482482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.350959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.198315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.416854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1118989                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       389790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6691667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12227700                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               20428146                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9453081                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              9453081                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        18440                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               18440                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2345215                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2345215                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1118989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       389790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6691667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14572915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                22773361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1118989                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       389790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6691667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14572915                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               22773361                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13044                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       978585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2758254                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3818182                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6866                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6866                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2140959                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2140959                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       978585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4899213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5959141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68299                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13044                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       978585                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4899213                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5959141                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6366044269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1236045122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91419371972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 258025251493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   357046712856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68402947                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     68402947                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 198750692374                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 198750692374                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6366044269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1236045122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91419371972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 456775943867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    555797405230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6366044269                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1236045122                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91419371972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 456775943867                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   555797405230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       402834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7670252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14985954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24246328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9453081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          9453081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25306                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           25306                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4486174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4486174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       402834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7670252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19472128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28732502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       402834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7670252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19472128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28732502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.157475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271319                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.271319                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.477235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.477235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.207401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.207401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93208.455014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94759.668967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93419.960424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93546.588346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93512.229866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9962.561462                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9962.561462                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92832.554184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92832.554184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93208.455014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94759.668967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93419.960424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93234.554992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93268.040684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93208.455014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94759.668967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93419.960424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93234.554992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93268.040684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2720203                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2720203                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       978585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2758254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3818182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6866                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6866                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2140959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2140959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       978585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4899213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5959141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       978585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4899213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5959141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5407885819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1053736568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  77619049543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219171767719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 303252439649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    537451452                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    537451452                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 168064216606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 168064216606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5407885819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1053736568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  77619049543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 387235984325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 471316656255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5407885819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1053736568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  77619049543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 387235984325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 471316656255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     91812455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     91812455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    208169863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    208169863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    299982318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    299982318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271319                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271319                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.477235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.207401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79179.575382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80783.238884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79317.636734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79460.328062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79423.254221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78277.228663                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78277.228663                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78499.502609                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78499.502609                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79179.575382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80783.238884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79317.636734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.446767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79091.375125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79179.575382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80783.238884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79317.636734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.446767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79091.375125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9424                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2679                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6744                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  12                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              17253362                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               491955240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              17253874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.512741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    491949888                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      491949888                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    491949888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       491949888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    491949888                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      491949888                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18686098                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18686098                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18686098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      18686098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18686098                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     18686098                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 482453781577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 482453781577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 482453781577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 482453781577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 482453781577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 482453781577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    510635986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    510635986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    510635986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    510635986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    510635986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    510635986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25818.861786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25818.861786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25818.861786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25818.861786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25818.861786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25818.861786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9424689                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            234                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40276.448718                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1432646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1432646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1432646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1432646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1432646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1432646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17253452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17253452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17253452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17253452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17253452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17253452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 376594023509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 376594023509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 376594023509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 376594023509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 376594023509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 376594023509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21827.169630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21827.169630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21827.169630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21827.169630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21827.169630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21827.169630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2788585                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9567370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2788601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.430885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9567168                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9567168                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9567168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9567168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9567168                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9567168                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2788783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2788783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2788783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2788783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2788783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2788783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  46889487756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46889487756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  46889487756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  46889487756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  46889487756                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  46889487756                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12355951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12355951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12355951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12355951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12355951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12355951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.225704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16813.602118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16813.602118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16813.602118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16813.602118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16813.602118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16813.602118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3563                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3563                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2788783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2788783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2788783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2788783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2788783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2788783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38039458954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38039458954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38039458954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38039458954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38039458954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38039458954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13640.164528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.164528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13640.164528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.164528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13640.164528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.164528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     32082011                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      62647136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     32082027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.952718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62646659                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     62646659                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62646659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     62646659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62646659                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     62646659                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32089981                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     32089981                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32089981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     32089981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32089981                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     32089981                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 410625877494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 410625877494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 410625877494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 410625877494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 410625877494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 410625877494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94736640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94736640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94736640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     94736640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94736640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     94736640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.338728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.338728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.338728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12796.077302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12796.077302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12796.077302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12796.077302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12796.077302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12796.077302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       631661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       631661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32089981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     32089981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32089981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     32089981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32089981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     32089981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309930156360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 309930156360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309930156360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 309930156360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309930156360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 309930156360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9658.159547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9658.159547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9658.159547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9658.159547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9658.159547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9658.159547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              45044257                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               986623826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              45044769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.903183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    727767735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      727767735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    257089824                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     257089824                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    984857559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       984857559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    984857559                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      984857559                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     55664494                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     55664494                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11060999                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11060999                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66725493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66725493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66725493                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66725493                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1670359201466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1670359201466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 399601586556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 399601586556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2069960788022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2069960788022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2069960788022                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2069960788022                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    783432229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    783432229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268150823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268150823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1051583052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1051583052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1051583052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1051583052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30007.623917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30007.623917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36127.079169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36127.079169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31022.038129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31022.038129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31022.038129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31022.038129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     19932499                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         19932499                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20113083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     20113083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        51454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20164537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     20164537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20164537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     20164537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     35551411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     35551411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11009545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     11009545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46560956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     46560956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46560956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     46560956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 814835318662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 814835318662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 357684591541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 357684591541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1172519910203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172519910203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1172519910203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172519910203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    107242196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    107242196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    247633293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    247633293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    354875489                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    354875489                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22919.915012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22919.915012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32488.589814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32488.589814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25182.470699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25182.470699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25182.470699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25182.470699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6240757276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       597286060                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    597286060                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     64329799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    432307717                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       349005913                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2012884150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3306946256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          597286060                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    349005913                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            979163049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      344934769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          91502178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1963778007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       103682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1843311                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2694                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        510636201                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31897805                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1327703                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5328557858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.088668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.533863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4365646466     81.93%     81.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        60470476      1.13%     83.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59003523      1.11%     84.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86480893      1.62%     85.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        66168736      1.24%     87.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80164869      1.50%     88.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        60123929      1.13%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        67121876      1.26%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       483377090      9.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5328557858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.095707                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.529895                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2088035055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2020504789                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        901613951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     39123276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     279280787                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5665268266                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2546                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     279280787                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2171998688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1642637132                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     32836924                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        849450844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    352353483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5508314940                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3288897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      61010204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    272221581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2001715                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6168128821                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13881253623                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13833743366                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     47510257                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3950650072                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2217478768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1654485                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1654049                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        759434768                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1071211150                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    428822906                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     72885918                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     48068645                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5269137870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3360447                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4587909332                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10470934                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1721602610                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2576484588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1489424                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5328557858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.861004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.488005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3452336300     64.79%     64.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    684619864     12.85%     77.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    472201369      8.86%     86.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    288454744      5.41%     91.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    199031617      3.74%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129491676      2.43%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71873349      1.35%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25693956      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4854983      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5328557858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6491208     30.47%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        29769      0.14%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8883543     41.70%     72.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5899327     27.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31819662      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3292871697     71.77%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7331863      0.16%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    905447284     19.74%     92.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    350438826      7.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4587909332                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.735153                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21303847                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004643                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14532659070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6970217567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4438686457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     28670831                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     24750152                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13251816                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4563106382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       14287135                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     98431093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    369182589                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       806698                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       907275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    160675659                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       223270                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     279280787                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1167169716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     25488178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5272498317                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30458030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1071211150                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    428822906                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2927797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9753072                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3139307                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       907275                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     44064246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     25201614                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     69265860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4515246458                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    882176145                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     72662874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1225953452                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       433252405                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         343777307                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.723509                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4465770505                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4451938273                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3120271693                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4834866927                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.713365                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645369                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1795043985                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1871023                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     64546188                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5049600265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.689187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.744775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3972936107     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    370533897      7.34%     86.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    166463910      3.30%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    203500302      4.03%     93.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75424352      1.49%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44101410      0.87%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33011798      0.65%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23148049      0.46%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    160480440      3.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5049600265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999763171                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3480117732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             970175813                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            702028563                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             185698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         365563950                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10469548                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3458315657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    160480440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10163831562                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10830730898                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               19449211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              912199418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999763171                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3480117732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999763171                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.120748                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.120748                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.320436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.320436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8752572210                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4951153347                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12647236                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9643710                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2173288538                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1566749                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74334384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12518633                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           87111201                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74334384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74334384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9074727                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10308991                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9291798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1948425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11272268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1221921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1241242                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        84347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        37564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           35769117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6023867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              41917220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      35769117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         35769117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       593260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               658                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4366687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4960605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       594419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        84347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        37564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          35769117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10390554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             46877825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9424                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6744                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2679                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 14                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6229407538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7066347                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13154841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13100403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1026641                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13100403                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          33987468                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15046745                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3177562                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1952839                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1224723                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6214052102.935781                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15355435.064219                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002465                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997535                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
