
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  72778                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   129779                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39621187                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              299648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        74432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            74432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    262108254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    276572422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1026079302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464387450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        254876170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             254876170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        254876170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    262108254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    276572422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1280955472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1189                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.714694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613789000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.714694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.544668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.544668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1206                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1206                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216989848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    216989848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217762848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    217762848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217762848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    217762848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40684.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40684.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179925.247098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179925.247098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1570600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10540.939597                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1170                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1170                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       542900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       542900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    202704592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202704592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203247492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203247492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203247492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203247492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28573.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28573.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168080.092869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168080.092869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1589                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1450.815084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.917558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           92.835758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.653878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.844696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.178423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    25.357961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.230192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    932.631916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    384.082262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.227693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.354203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2459                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             696                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  696                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2459                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3714                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                323                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4037                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7813065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2949354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230238745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104651939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      345653103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33010872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33010872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7813065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2949354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230238745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137662811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       378663975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7813065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2949354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230238745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137662811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      378663975                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          696                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              696                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.698433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.465997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.076923                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779661                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.780193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.481512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.481512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94133.313253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79712.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91655.551354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97805.550467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93067.609855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102518.236025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102200.842105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94133.313253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79712.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91655.551354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98895.697557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93798.358930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94133.313253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79712.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91655.551354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98895.697557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93798.358930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 114                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      114                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2746458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216293859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98769947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325169554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31225591                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31225591                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2746458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216293859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129995538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356395145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2746458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216293859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129995538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356395145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10248028                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10248028                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.698433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.479962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88666.144578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74228.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86104.243232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92308.361682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87836.184225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96973.885093                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96973.885093                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88666.144578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74228.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86104.243232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93387.599138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88567.381958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88666.144578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74228.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86104.243232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93387.599138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88567.381958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1798.535290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           14.074744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.777943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.056663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1194.339941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    538.286135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             114                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  114                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3173                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6882290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202850969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93489325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305701390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29831418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29831418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6882290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202850969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123320743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       335532808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6882290                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202850969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123320743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      335532808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          114                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              114                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              321                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.854335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.975078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.863941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.863941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101210.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99152.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95774.772899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98409.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96344.591869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95613.519231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95308.044728                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101210.147059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99152.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95774.772899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97718.496830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96251.522662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101210.147059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99152.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95774.772899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97718.496830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96251.522662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5936729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2131582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173121129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80234606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261424046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25395070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25395070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5936729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2131582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173121129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105629676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286819116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5936729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2131582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173121129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105629676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286819116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87304.838235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85263.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81738.021246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84457.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82702.956659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81394.455128                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81394.455128                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87304.838235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85263.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81738.021246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83700.218700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82585.406277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87304.838235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85263.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81738.021246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83700.218700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82585.406277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3246                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.159451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.869686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598617005300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.299721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.859730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.868867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.869452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25984                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4465                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4466                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4466                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315709432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315709432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315709432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    315709432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315709432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    315709432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70707.599552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70691.767129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70707.599552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70691.767129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70707.599552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70691.767129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248086007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248086007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248086007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248086007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248086007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248086007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.006920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66033.006920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          114                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.238713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.938596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598750080300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.103903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.693994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.702420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          627                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          627                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4354870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4354870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4354870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4354870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4354870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4354870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.171731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.171731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34290.314961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        33499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34290.314961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        33499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34290.314961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        33499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3946062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3946062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3946062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3946062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3946062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3946062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31071.354331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31071.354331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2533                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.264903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619092300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.820842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.096536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2550                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35745352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35745352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35745352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35745352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35745352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35745352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.775312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.775312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.775312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14056.371215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.785098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14056.371215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.785098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14056.371215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.785098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27884195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27884195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27884195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27884195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27884195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27884195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.078647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.078647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1457                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               367.576829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.783802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.179328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   367.397501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.717573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.717923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17346                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17347                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221115468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221115468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37355708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37355708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258471176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    258471176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258471176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    258471176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025449                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78716.791741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78688.778648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82645.371681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82462.931567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79261.323520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79212.741649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79261.323520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79212.741649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          696                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              696                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112535568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112535568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34729229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34729229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147264797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147264797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7329535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7329535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652768                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652768                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73456.637076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73456.637076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79109.861048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79109.861048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44430                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44430                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33260                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18103                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       197412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18103                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62914                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          747                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30440                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4026                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             84                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       451673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.875640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.348678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          390078     86.36%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2840      0.63%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2451      0.54%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3352      0.74%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5049      1.12%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3764      0.83%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5812      1.29%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2799      0.62%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35528      7.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       451673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050665                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          197440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174514                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20431                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20431                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          202637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54066                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          103                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       397516                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       900434                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       900276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244176                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1103                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36435                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1309                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            335459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297881                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1593                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112255                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          876                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       451673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.431355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341198     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36612      8.11%     83.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23761      5.26%     88.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18170      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12869      2.85%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9781      2.17%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6583      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2234      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          465      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       451673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            754     49.70%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           380     25.05%     74.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          383     25.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3250      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229845     77.16%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41387     13.89%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23389      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297881                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339681                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1517                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005093                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1051525                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449558                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283794                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           62                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             31                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5130                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17788                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          154                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9591                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20431                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91442                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337226                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1379                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1444                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6597                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8041                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289094                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39306                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29687                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22327                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329661                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284633                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283812                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186727                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297157                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323638                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628378                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       431331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       356998     82.77%     82.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27559      6.39%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13787      3.20%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11698      2.71%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6753      1.57%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3348      0.78%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1987      0.46%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2797      0.65%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6404      1.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       431331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117739                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47298                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29452                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24018                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214746                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              762004                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             695048                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2715                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 425270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.448195                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.448195                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134261                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134261                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560510                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309912                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126560                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.068179                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2068178836248                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9667241989758                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20947                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36490                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21607700                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5054148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95714.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004974851                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3492635770                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1456064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4369408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       835776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61879104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    316198592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           384740224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61879104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61879104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    174408896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        174408896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        22751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       966861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4940603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              6011566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2725139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2725139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       704032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2112684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       404112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     29919610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    152887452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              186028508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29919610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          29919610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         84329698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              84329698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         84329698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       704032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2112684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       404112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     29919610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    152887452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             270358206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23881                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.993331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.006298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             381                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23512                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23893                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       680751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15963751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4076398064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1906000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4078304064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4091681064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2586751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4094267815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4091681064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2586751                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4094267815                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41643.051771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48625.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41899.608924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173552.369891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 79416.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173456.280367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171522.995766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68072.394737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171358.465450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171522.995766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68072.394737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171358.465450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     25660200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2436                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10533.743842                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10789300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       507100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11296400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3793277592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1611800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3794889392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3804066892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2118900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3806185792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3804066892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2118900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3806185792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29398.637602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 36221.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29649.343832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161498.535082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 67158.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161402.236815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159466.228967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55760.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159301.292931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159466.228967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55760.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159301.292931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      28571314                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2994.379360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        77954684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      28574735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.728098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          696.543825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   114.607557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.498244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    640.990018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1506.739608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.170055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.156492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.367856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.731050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30927594                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2381840                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9011825                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     20646683                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               62967942                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20203828                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20203828                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1491585                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1491585                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5029761                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              5029761                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30927594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2381840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9011825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     25676444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                67997703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30927594                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2381840                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9011825                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     25676444                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               67997703                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1176626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       397153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6985099                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14792725                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23351603                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21764                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             21764                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4440668                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            4440668                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1176626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       397153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6985099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19233393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27792271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1176626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       397153                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6985099                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19233393                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27792271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30976409311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9760561528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 229907705714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 555052508743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   825697185296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    193971732                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    193971732                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 265873051700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 265873051700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30976409311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9760561528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 229907705714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 820925560443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1091570236996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30976409311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9760561528                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 229907705714                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 820925560443                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1091570236996                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32104220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15996924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35439408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           86319545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20203828                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20203828                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1513349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1513349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9470429                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9470429                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32104220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15996924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44909837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            95789974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32104220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15996924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44909837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           95789974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.270525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.014381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.468898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.290138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.290138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26326.470188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24576.325819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32914.022509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37521.991975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35359.336372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8912.503768                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8912.503768                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59872.310134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59872.310134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26326.470188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24576.325819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32914.022509                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42682.305740                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39276.036024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26326.470188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24576.325819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32914.022509                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42682.305740                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39276.036024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             9455479                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  9455479                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1176302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6985093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14792678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23350929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21764                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        21764                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4440668                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       4440668                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1176302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6985093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19233346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27791597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1176302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6985093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19233346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27791597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24593754036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7554204154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 190314015699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 472334645974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 694796619863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    903026051                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    903026051                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241090541061                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 241090541061                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24593754036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7554204154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 190314015699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 713425187035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 935887160924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24593754036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7554204154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 190314015699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 713425187035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 935887160924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     99491456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99491456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    231864105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    231864105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    331355561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    331355561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014381                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014381                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.290131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20907.687002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19035.126479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27245.738274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31930.299975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29754.560080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41491.731805                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41491.731805                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54291.503229                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54291.503229                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20907.687002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19035.126479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27245.738274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37093.139542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33675.184658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20907.687002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19035.126479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27245.738274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37093.139542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33675.184658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5961711                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32323.988014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26818535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5994417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.473919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  8003521490300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11539.964710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.412182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.417241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   524.950036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   132.264277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6269.562591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13856.408860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.352172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.191332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.422864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1108030                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383797                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6018231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11975900                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               19485958                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9455479                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              9455479                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14830                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               14830                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2316550                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2316550                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1108030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6018231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14292450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                21802508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1108030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383797                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6018231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14292450                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               21802508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68272                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13059                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       966862                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2816778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3864971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7059                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7059                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2123993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2123993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       966862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4940771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5988964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       966862                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4940771                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5988964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6364636852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1237089119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90341981774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 263524564274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   361468272019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67534559                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     67534559                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 197182544686                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 197182544686                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6364636852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1237089119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90341981774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 460707108960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    558650816705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6364636852                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1237089119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90341981774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 460707108960                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   558650816705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1176302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6985093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14792678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23350929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9455479                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          9455479                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21889                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           21889                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4440543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4440543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1176302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6985093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19233221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27791472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1176302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6985093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19233221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27791472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.058040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.190417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.165517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322491                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.322491                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.478318                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.478318                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.058040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.215496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.058040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.215496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93224.701957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94730.769508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93438.341536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93555.318976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93524.187379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9567.156679                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9567.156679                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92835.778972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92835.778972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93224.701957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94730.769508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93438.341536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93245.995202                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93280.042542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93224.701957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94730.769508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93438.341536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93245.995202                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93280.042542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2701635                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2701635                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       966862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2816778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3864971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7059                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7059                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2123993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2123993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       966862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4940771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5988964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       966862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4940771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5988964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5406912474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1054628653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76708105974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 223847825423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 307017472524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    553327932                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553327932                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166715376424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 166715376424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5406912474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1054628653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76708105974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 390563201847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 473732848948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5406912474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1054628653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76708105974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 390563201847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 473732848948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     88833607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     88833607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    203378680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    203378680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    292212287                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    292212287                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.058040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.190417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322491                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322491                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.478318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.478318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.058040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.215496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.058040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79196.632206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80758.760472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79337.181494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79469.459582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79435.905864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78386.164046                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78386.164046                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78491.490520                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78491.490520                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79196.632206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80758.760472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79337.181494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79049.039481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79100.967872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79196.632206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80758.760472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79337.181494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79049.039481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79100.967872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3156                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      897                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15996993                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               494286380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15997505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 30.897717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    494278557                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      494278557                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    494278557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       494278557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    494278557                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      494278557                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17339462                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     17339462                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17339462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      17339462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17339462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     17339462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 450640508136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 450640508136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 450640508136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 450640508136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 450640508136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 450640508136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    511618019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    511618019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    511618019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    511618019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    511618019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    511618019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25989.301637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25989.301637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25989.301637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25989.301637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25989.301637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25989.301637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8936587                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            222                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40254.896396                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1342371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1342371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1342371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1342371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1342371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1342371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15997091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15997091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15997091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15997091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15997091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15997091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350954453294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 350954453294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350954453294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 350954453294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350954453294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 350954453294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21938.642050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21938.642050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21938.642050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21938.642050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21938.642050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21938.642050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2779141                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9427740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2779157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.392302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9427532                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9427532                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9427532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9427532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9427532                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9427532                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2779348                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2779348                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2779348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2779348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2779348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2779348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  46345924706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46345924706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  46345924706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  46345924706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  46345924706                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  46345924706                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12206880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12206880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12206880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12206880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12206880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12206880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16675.106790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16675.106790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16675.106790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16675.106790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16675.106790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16675.106790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1321                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1321                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2779348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2779348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2779348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2779348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2779348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2779348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  37524752025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37524752025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  37524752025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37524752025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  37524752025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37524752025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13501.278726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13501.278726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13501.278726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13501.278726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13501.278726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13501.278726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     32113718                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      62531070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     32113734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.947175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62530714                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     62530714                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62530714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     62530714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62530714                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     62530714                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32122016                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     32122016                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32122016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     32122016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32122016                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     32122016                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 406507694575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 406507694575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 406507694575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 406507694575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 406507694575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 406507694575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94652730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94652730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94652730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     94652730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94652730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     94652730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.339367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.339367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.339367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.111515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12655.111515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.111515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12655.111515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.111515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12655.111515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        62522                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        62522                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32122016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     32122016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32122016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     32122016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32122016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     32122016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 305941985145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 305941985145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 305941985145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 305941985145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 305941985145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 305941985145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9524.370611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9524.370611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9524.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9524.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9524.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9524.370611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              44909328                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               987334202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              44909840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.984808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    727837426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      727837426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    257743355                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     257743355                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    985580781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       985580781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    985580781                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      985580781                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     55519669                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     55519669                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11012791                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11012791                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66532460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66532460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66532460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66532460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1676003346403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1676003346403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 396377080292                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 396377080292                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2072380426695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2072380426695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2072380426695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2072380426695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    783357095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    783357095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268756146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268756146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1052113241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1052113241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1052113241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1052113241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30187.560131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30187.560131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35992.427378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35992.427378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31148.411267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31148.411267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31148.411267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31148.411267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     20139985                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         20139985                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20068468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     20068468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        51787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20120255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     20120255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20120255                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     20120255                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     35451201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     35451201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10961004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10961004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46412205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     46412205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46412205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     46412205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 813748579383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 813748579383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 354582443415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 354582443415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1168331022798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1168331022798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1168331022798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1168331022798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103720540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103720540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    242568575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    242568575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    346289115                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    346289115                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040784                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040784                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22954.048281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22954.048281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32349.449322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32349.449322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25172.926449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25172.926449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25172.926449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25172.926449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6210747256                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       599669572                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    599669572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     64213673                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    434839412                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       350709119                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1982924108                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3312590194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          599669572                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    350709119                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            981781098                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      345891221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          90284841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1970684310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       110320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1868541                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2725                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        511618215                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31422855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1306463                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5307924012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.095733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.540491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4342544694     81.81%     81.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        60585359      1.14%     82.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59061957      1.11%     84.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86703603      1.63%     85.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        66321540      1.25%     86.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80713895      1.52%     88.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        60134027      1.13%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        67282929      1.27%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       484576008      9.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5307924012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.096554                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.533364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2059188451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2025560135                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        903837450                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     39069907                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     280268069                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5678456394                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2334                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     280268069                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2143507632                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1642369811                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     38073313                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        851272064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    352433123                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5519821055                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3328548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      60901390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    271998867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1987756                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6178632873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13911036221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13864971328                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     46064893                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3951701310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2226931616                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2045226                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2044899                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        760831533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1072064152                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    429997307                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     72247644                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     47404473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5278856525                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3912905                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4595422375                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10597324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1729916453                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2587860514                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1669153                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5307924012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.865766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.492233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3431712478     64.65%     64.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    682927585     12.87%     77.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    471778895      8.89%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    289082656      5.45%     91.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    199423414      3.76%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129804407      2.45%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     72325524      1.36%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25932227      0.49%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4936826      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5307924012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6471778     30.27%     30.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        29214      0.14%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8928212     41.76%     72.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5950947     27.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31827277      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3298999507     71.79%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7219617      0.16%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    905973449     19.71%     92.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    351402525      7.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4595422375                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.739915                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21380151                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004652                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14527964488                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6989402680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4445713111                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27946264                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     24145111                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12917814                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4571052559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13922690                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     98828335                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    370516541                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       821030                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       905245                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    161244797                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       222304                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     280268069                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1166406960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     25464325                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5282769430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30366669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1072064152                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    429997307                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3481589                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9732862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3127584                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       905245                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     44057280                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     25117486                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     69174766                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4522175199                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    882513267                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     73247175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1227193810                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       434197037                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         344680543                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.728121                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4472528833                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4458630925                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3123429870                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4840354301                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.717890                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645290                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1802456788                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2243752                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     64426560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5028071121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.692709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.749123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3951171737     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    370599650      7.37%     85.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    166360262      3.31%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    203167069      4.04%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75498898      1.50%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44320710      0.88%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32998424      0.66%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23054690      0.46%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    160899681      3.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5028071121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999762291                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3482991345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             970300126                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701547614                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             185282                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         366291442                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10181195                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3461254503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    160899681                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10152073809                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10852299019                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               18925414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              902823244                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999762291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3482991345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999762291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.105743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.105743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.321984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.321984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8764250203                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4955918129                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12301350                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9466110                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2177292781                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1942557                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43573088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7382847                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           51072071                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43573088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43573088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5293655                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6527007                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5446636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1132799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6593876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          711160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             730443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        36438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           21068337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3569733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              24694224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      21068337                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         21068337                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       596126                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2559573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3155920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       597291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        36438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          21068337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6129307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             27850144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3156                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     897                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6205387462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4139450                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7742681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7710011                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       579465                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7710011                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19833196                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8871424                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1847483                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1134595                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   712888                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6196343631.977244                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             9043830.022756                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001457                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998543                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
