
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52061                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    91963                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28116798                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    13.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682107                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1204896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              277184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203959657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    535090071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              752426979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203959657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         204133387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203959657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    535090071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             752426979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           521                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2188.923833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.140115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          295.817231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.061052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.314974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.389507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    544.308103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1310.825081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.072221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.320026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.534405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          968                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1198                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1198                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4461                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1186                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2379                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1186                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5121925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121646689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244058565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      372615688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       648024                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       648024                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73250734                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73250734                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5121925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121646689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    317309299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       445866422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5121925                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788509                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121646689                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    317309299                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      445866422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1198                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1198                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          825                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              826                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.456094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.855932                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.739453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.493586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.739453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.493586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102438.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105206.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102568.877740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102588.720050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102338.832189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21600.800000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21600.800000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103754.580737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103607.827440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102438.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105206.411765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102568.877740                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102855.526418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102545.175253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102438.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105206.411765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102568.877740                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102855.526418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102545.175253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  56                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       56                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4845825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115105775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    230878022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352525031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1488900                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1488900                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69379634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69379634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4845825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115105775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300257656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    421904665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4845825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115105775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300257656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    421904665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.854722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.739453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.492451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.739453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96916.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99729.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97053.773187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97048.348886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97060.856553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49630                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49630                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98271.436261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98271.436261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96916.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99729.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97053.773187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97328.251540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97257.875749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96916.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99729.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97053.773187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97328.251540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97257.875749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1998.043312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.567833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.328590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.862997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.482833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    557.084497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1382.716592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.017001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              56                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   56                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2374                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3624                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3080                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4331                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4676225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110920060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222771040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340004534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66963132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66963132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4676225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110920060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289734172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       406967666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4676225                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637209                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110920060                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289734172                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      406967666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           56                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               56                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93524.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94480.459966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93837.843302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93820.235651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94848.628895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94714.472419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93524.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.411765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94480.459966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94069.536364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93966.212422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93524.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.411765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94480.459966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94069.536364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93966.212422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3977782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1400748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94445564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189380858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289204952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56968846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56968846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3977782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1400748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94445564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246349704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346173798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3977782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1400748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94445564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246349704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346173798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79555.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82396.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80447.669506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79772.897220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80001.369848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80692.416431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80692.416431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79555.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82396.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80447.669506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79983.670130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80114.278639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79555.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82396.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80447.669506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79983.670130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80114.278639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1162                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               349.428544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 15.105852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.403671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   349.024872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.681689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.682478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32448                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2003                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2003                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2004                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162819300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162819300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162819300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162819300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162819300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162819300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81287.718422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81247.155689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81287.718422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81247.155689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81287.718422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81247.155689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128884292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128884292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128884292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128884292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128884292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128884292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77176.222754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77176.222754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77176.222754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77176.222754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77176.222754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77176.222754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          193                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.666823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.388601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019265758000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.519325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.147498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.666676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1381                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1381                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1381                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1381                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4484553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4484553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4484553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4484553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4484553                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4484553                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19498.056522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19164.756410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19498.056522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19164.756410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19498.056522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19164.756410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3750304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3750304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3750304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3750304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3750304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3750304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16305.669565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16305.669565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16305.669565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16305.669565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16305.669565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16305.669565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2768                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.409288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.714595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124993300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.664762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.744526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.859033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.900581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2134                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2137                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2137                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2818                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34533734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34533734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34533734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34533734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34533734                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34533734                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         4955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         4955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.568718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.568718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.568718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12276.478493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12254.696238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12276.478493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12254.696238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12276.478493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12254.696238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25792816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25792816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25792816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25792816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25792816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25792816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9169.148951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9169.148951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9169.148951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9169.148951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9169.148951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9169.148951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3662                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               470.637136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   49362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 13.479519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019102106300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.280037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   470.357099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.918666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.919213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45285                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21902                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21902                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67187                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67190                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8019                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          893                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8912                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8915                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    713867052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    713867052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80760458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80760458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    794627510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    794627510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    794627510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    794627510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.150439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.150462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039175                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.117111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.117111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89021.954358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88999.757138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90437.243001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90336.082774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89163.769075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89133.764442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89163.769075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89133.764442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1180                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1180                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258100554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258100554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77277243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77277243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    335377797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335377797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    335377797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335377797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038868                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038866                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77090.965950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77090.965950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87220.364560                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87220.364560                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79210.627539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79210.627539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79210.627539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79210.627539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106114                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57443                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57443                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6382                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        38338                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24623                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       155043                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                269181                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57443                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84593                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        487521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1992                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34433                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2912                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             89                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       759516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.648213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.042634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          676997     89.14%     89.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8992      1.18%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5198      0.68%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3755      0.49%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5897      0.78%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5630      0.74%     93.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5497      0.72%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3445      0.45%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44105      5.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       759516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051932                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243357                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          159842                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       495167                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            75140                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4640                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24725                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        474447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24725                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          169439                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         395180                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        68135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            70192                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31843                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        453005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          207                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       542796                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1183958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1183958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       333183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          209462                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2140                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30643                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            427628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           373302                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2442                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145543                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       234857                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          684                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       759516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.215531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       608196     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57079      7.52%     87.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        35034      4.61%     92.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22917      3.02%     95.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16344      2.15%     97.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10629      1.40%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6742      0.89%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2169      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          406      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       759516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            749     33.08%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           806     35.60%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          709     31.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3050      0.82%      0.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       282086     75.57%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60225     16.13%     92.52% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27941      7.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        373302                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337490                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2264                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006065                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1512248                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       575452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       360006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        372516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23259                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          128                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7848                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24725                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         356404                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       429789                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67709                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          128                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1983                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5613                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7596                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       365395                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57992                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37515                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27323                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330341                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                361092                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               360006                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           250280                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           399521                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.325469                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626450                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152631                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6646                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       734953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.376853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       643608     87.57%     87.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35696      4.86%     92.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13819      1.88%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14843      2.02%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7086      0.96%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3485      0.47%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2856      0.39%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2279      0.31%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11281      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       734953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       155657                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        276969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67229                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44434                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30566                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           276591                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1152330                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             884210                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2111                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 346598                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             155657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               276969                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       155657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.106099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.106099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          730966                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         419497                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169831                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.087006                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1087005535038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6106772804643                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24755                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46234                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31469872                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4665296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34541.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   855078656                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1596979500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3535296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       157568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       964928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11613184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            16341824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       964928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         964928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12300352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         12300352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       181456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               255341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         192193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              192193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        23198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3252326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       887694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10683648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               15033800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       887694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            887694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         11315814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              11315814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         11315814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        23198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3252326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       887694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10683648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              26349614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105568                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.471031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.521509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020565541000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.116379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.354652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8041                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8041                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26740                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26740                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103831                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103858                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99493                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101221                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205079                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1081000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4589362001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4590443001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126868784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6706450000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6833318784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127949784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11295812001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11423761785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127949784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11295812001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11423761785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40037.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44200.306277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44199.223950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73419.435185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67406.249686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67508.904121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72905.859829                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55555.723874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55704.200747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72905.859829                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55555.723874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55704.200747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       520600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  51                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10207.843137                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56788                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56788                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       743700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3307540292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3308283992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106070000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5478064400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5584134400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106813700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785604692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8892418392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106813700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785604692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8892418392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925224                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27544.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31855.036473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31853.915847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61383.101852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55059.797172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55167.745823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60862.507123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43209.875332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43360.940867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60862.507123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43209.875332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43360.940867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27643484                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4047.108394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        57074262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27647521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.064354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024314104458                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          507.484392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.999797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.686845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2740.255517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    692.678494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.123898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.669008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.169111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17525445                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4590365                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21254113                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7534666                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               50904589                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8171039                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8171039                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       972810                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              972810                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1491338                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1491338                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17525445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4590365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21254113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9026004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                52395927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17525445                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4590365                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21254113                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9026004                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               52395927                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327891                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19046624                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6104603                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25649930                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53252                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             53252                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1868940                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1868940                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19046624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7973543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27518870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327891                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170812                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19046624                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7973543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27518870                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7436651598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3706266671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421229687197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153491777392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   585864382858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2187864096                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2187864096                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55886758473                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  55886758473                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7436651598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3706266671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421229687197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 209378535865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    641751141331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7436651598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3706266671                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421229687197                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 209378535865                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   641751141331                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17853336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4761177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40300737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13639269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           76554519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8171039                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8171039                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1026062                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1026062                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3360278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3360278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17853336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4761177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40300737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16999547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            79914797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17853336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4761177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40300737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16999547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           79914797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.472612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.447576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.335054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.051899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.556186                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.556186                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.472612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.344353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.472612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.344353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22680.255323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21697.929133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22115.713903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25143.613334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22840.779014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41085.106588                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41085.106588                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29902.917415                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29902.917415                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22680.255323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21697.929133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22115.713903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26259.159305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23320.403103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22680.255323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21697.929133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22115.713903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26259.159305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23320.403103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3798711                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3798711                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1011                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19046624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6104603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25647516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53252                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        53252                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1868940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1868940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19046624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7973543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27516456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19046624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7973543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27516456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5661497112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2764870772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313264322416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119913623864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 441604314164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2951858699                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2951858699                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45384378027                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45384378027                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5661497112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2764870772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313264322416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165298001891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 486988692191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5661497112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2764870772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313264322416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165298001891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 486988692191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10191445776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10191445776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15282194129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15282194129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25473639905                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25473639905                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.472612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.447576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051899                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051899                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.556186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.556186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.472612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.344322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.472612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17340.597854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16283.006413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16447.236130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19643.148599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17218.209910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55431.884230                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55431.884230                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24283.485841                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24283.485841                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17340.597854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16283.006413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16447.236130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20730.809615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17698.089179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17340.597854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16283.006413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16447.236130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20730.809615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17698.089179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        201170                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32347.497117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29109230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        233620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        124.600762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18258.456555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.054569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   425.570106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   152.498957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5497.619180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8013.278991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.557204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.167774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.244546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324026                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169088                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19031539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5950100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25474753                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3798711                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3798711                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2466                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2466                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1680919                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1680919                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19031539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7631019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27155672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324026                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169088                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19031539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7631019                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27155672                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          713                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       154503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               172763                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75041                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             75041                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       163766                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             163766                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       318269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                336529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          713                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       318269                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               336529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    228300433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66291858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1410888666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9262016488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10967497445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1904045875                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1904045875                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14732005254                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14732005254                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    228300433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66291858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1410888666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23994021742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25699502699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    228300433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66291858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1410888666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23994021742                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25699502699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19046624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6104603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25647516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3798711                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3798711                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        77507                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           77507                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1844685                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1844685                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19046624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7949288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27492201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19046624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7949288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27492201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968184                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.968184                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.088777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.012241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.012241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92729.664094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92975.957924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93529.245343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59947.162761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63482.906901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25373.407537                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25373.407537                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89957.654544                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89957.654544                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92729.664094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92975.957924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93529.245343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75389.125997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76366.383578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92729.664094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92975.957924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93529.245343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75389.125997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76366.383578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              135405                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   135405                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       154503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          172763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75041                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        75041                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       163766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        163766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       318269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           336529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       318269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          336529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    193783349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56267596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1198147936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7083882335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8532081216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3870829445                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3870829445                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12390591746                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12390591746                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    193783349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56267596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1198147936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19474474081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20922672962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    193783349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56267596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1198147936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19474474081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20922672962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9081549345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9081549345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13611580610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13611580610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22693129955                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22693129955                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968184                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968184                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78709.727457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78916.684432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79426.445873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45849.480819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49386.044558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51582.860636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51582.860636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75660.343087                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75660.343087                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78709.727457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78916.684432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79426.445873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61188.724258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62171.976151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78709.727457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78916.684432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79426.445873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61188.724258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62171.976151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                34114387                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         46002                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20902547                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13211841                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          23001                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          23001                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21383                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40300747                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137496603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40301259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.411720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137474843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137474843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137474843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137474843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137474843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137474843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44330351                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44330351                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44330351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44330351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44330351                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44330351                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 955534731111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 955534731111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 955534731111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 955534731111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 955534731111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 955534731111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181805194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    181805194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181805194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    181805194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181805194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    181805194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21554.864998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21554.864998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21554.864998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21554.864998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21554.864998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21554.864998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       338168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        42271                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4029596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4029596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4029596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4029596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4029596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4029596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40300755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40300755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40300755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40300755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40300755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40300755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 743722176315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 743722176315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 743722176315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 743722176315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 743722176315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 743722176315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18454.298842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18454.298842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18454.298842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18454.298842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18454.298842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18454.298842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4762368                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4416493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4762384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.927370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4415987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4415987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4415987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4415987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4415987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4415987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4763086                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4763086                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4763086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4763086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4763086                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4763086                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79666248858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79666248858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79666248858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  79666248858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79666248858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  79666248858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9179073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9179073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9179073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9179073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9179073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9179073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.518907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16725.763267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16725.763267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16725.763267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16725.763267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16725.763267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16725.763267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        29608                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        29608                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4763086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4763086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4763086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4763086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4763086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4763086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65083243119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65083243119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65083243119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65083243119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65083243119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65083243119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13664.091540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13664.091540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13664.091540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13664.091540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13664.091540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13664.091540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17856476                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5175949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17856492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.289864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5175801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5175801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5175801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5175801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5175801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5175801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867397                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17867397                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17867397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17867397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 282991255319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 282991255319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 282991255319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 282991255319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 282991255319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 282991255319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23043198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23043198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23043198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23043198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23043198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23043198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.775387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.775387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.775387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15838.415373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15838.415373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15838.415373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15838.415373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15838.415373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15838.415373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        16138                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        16138                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17867397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17867397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17867397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228438307889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 228438307889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228438307889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 228438307889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228438307889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 228438307889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12785.203569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12785.203569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12785.203569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12785.203569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12785.203569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12785.203569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16960487                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.620129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               280047773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16960999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.511278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.620129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180554441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180554441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98321087                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98321087                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278875528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278875528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278875528                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278875528                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21157187                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21157187                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4435561                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4435561                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     25592748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      25592748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     25592748                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     25592748                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 564708522088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 564708522088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114796693770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114796693770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 679505215858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 679505215858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 679505215858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 679505215858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201711628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201711628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102756648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102756648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304468276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304468276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304468276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304468276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.104888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26691.096604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26691.096604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25880.986367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25880.986367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26550.693808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26550.693808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26550.693808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26550.693808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8125300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8125300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7510484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7510484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        75270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        75270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7585754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7585754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7585754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7585754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13646703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13646703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4360291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4360291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18006994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18006994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18006994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18006994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 312241158763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 312241158763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98166050513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  98166050513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 410407209276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 410407209276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 410407209276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 410407209276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10639230539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10639230539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15879371478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15879371478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26518602017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26518602017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042433                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042433                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22880.336647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22880.336647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22513.646569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22513.646569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22791.544734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22791.544734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22791.544734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22791.544734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3225067545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       233642961                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    233642961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42826858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    199317773                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       104906184                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1431940589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1067717983                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          233642961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    104906184                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            332798070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      157330991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85383207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     410386552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       713227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2029799                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        181805202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29705292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1226625                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2376218608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.841002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.288105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2052091164     86.36%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19805630      0.83%     87.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14807535      0.62%     87.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26776181      1.13%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22988315      0.97%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28152467      1.18%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19939564      0.84%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16959013      0.71%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       174698739      7.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2376218608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072446                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.331068                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1496352990                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    453291664                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        307102669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6504177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     112967108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1935328370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1311                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     112967108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1518178824                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      153297221                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    252525019                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        290655413                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48595023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1853704150                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       735124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7894146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32291207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       194088                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2013109938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4610512524                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4610423160                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        89364                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1202218541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       810891386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6185984                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6220750                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        149123477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    261635372                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    160909719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16670560                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15033757                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1716300889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8965215                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1547063999                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8223414                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    585141072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    781747968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3306508                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2376218608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.651061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.424065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1798349943     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    197811876      8.32%     84.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124888461      5.26%     89.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85724196      3.61%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     70134447      2.95%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49382690      2.08%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36824979      1.55%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10914627      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2187389      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2376218608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4528653     41.82%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4160861     38.42%     80.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2139709     19.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18529012      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1148217392     74.22%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    237777176     15.37%     90.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142540419      9.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1547063999                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.479700                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10829223                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007000                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5496148414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2310818573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1469774726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40533                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24280                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20193                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1539343939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20271                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     24400680                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     97465625                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       503787                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       460258                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     58125405                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       202043                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     112967108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       86092295                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2118502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1725266104                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30135602                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    261635372                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    160909719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7859004                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1048083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        75128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       460258                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14238326                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33713439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47951765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1499674855                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    226369326                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47389144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           363186254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158221267                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         136816928                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.465006                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1472761320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1469794919                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        924236692                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1424262898                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.455741                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648923                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    642768251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5658707                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43061071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2264153877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.478079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1908929448     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    127404973      5.63%     89.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57401042      2.54%     92.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62823939      2.77%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33315364      1.47%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14727757      0.65%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11899045      0.53%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7747507      0.34%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39904802      1.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2264153877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    585708728                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1082444350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             266954057                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164169744                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577211                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125305727                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1077881412                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39904802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3948172007                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3563861706                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24449022                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              848848937                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            37092105                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          585708728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1082444350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    585708728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.506265                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.506265                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.181611                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.181611                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2868416412                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1580798097                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20193                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      706699619                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5303591                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       942976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2838251656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511523374                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3353564534                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2838251656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2838251656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356835721                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364400157                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354781457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81019539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436037786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51469634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51650957                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2534699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       867499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        77269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2611073784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          470580285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3085140255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2611073784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2611073784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3462930                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3496037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         328274061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            335233028                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3469649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6030737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       867499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        77269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2611073784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         798854345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3420373283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               34114387                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        46002                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13211841                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20902547                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         23001                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         23001                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21261                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3264272471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267965604                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   512043282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           510338708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36561769                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  510338708                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1316123491                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564738203                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132703539                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81101840                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51601699                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2665391918.046785                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598880552.953215                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.183465                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.816535                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
