
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54506                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    96282                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29433274                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682194                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1205057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       196864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              276160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202222351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    534395148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              749647290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202222351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202396082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202222351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    534395148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             749647290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1122                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1880.934004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.964349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          261.862288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.398551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.410432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.421205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    26.213491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.120593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    474.809820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1110.490109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.031966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.057960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.135558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.229606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2828                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3950                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1017                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1017                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2828                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3981                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3736                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1242                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4445                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5101377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1866782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122038022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244338025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      373344206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       495331                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       495331                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73386128                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73386128                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5101377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1866782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122038022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    317724153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       446730334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5101377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1866782                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122038022                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    317724153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      446730334                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              740                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.767140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.486079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.468750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958051                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.958108                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.767140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.527534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.767140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.527534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89497.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93339.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98259.276973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101469.279485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99931.532655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16511.033333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16511.033333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103652.723164                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103506.527504                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89497.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93339.100000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98259.276973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101965.389281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100501.762430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89497.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93339.100000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98259.276973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101965.389281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100501.762430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 181                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      181                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4786649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1757482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115174643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    230991570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352710344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1501551                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1501551                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69503228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69503228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4786649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1757482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115174643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300494798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    422213572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4786649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1757482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115174643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300494798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    422213572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.767140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468750                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468750                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.767140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.526347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.767140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.526347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83976.298246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87874.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92733.206924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95926.731728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94636.529112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50051.700000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50051.700000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98168.401130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98168.401130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83976.298246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87874.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92733.206924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96436.071245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95200.354453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83976.298246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87874.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92733.206924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96436.071245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95200.354453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2017.668918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           43.790687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.327710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.115475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.475704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    551.272268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1378.687103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.001336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.061574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           39                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    129                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             181                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  181                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           78                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           40                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3076                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4486349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109973471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222350811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338455965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67062396                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67062396                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4486349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109973471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289413207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       405518361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4486349                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645334                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109973471                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289413207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      405518361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          181                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              181                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.842105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.965471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.998590                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.842105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.970754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.842105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.970754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93465.604167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96784.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94478.926976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93858.510342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93833.092598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94854.874116                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94720.898305                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93465.604167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96784.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94478.926976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94087.518531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93978.762688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93465.604167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96784.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94478.926976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94087.518531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93978.762688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3815673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93613538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189000433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287839261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57054509                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57054509                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3815673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93613538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246054942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344893770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3815673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93613538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246054942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344893770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.842105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.842105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.968504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.842105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.937198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79493.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82918.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80424.001718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79780.680878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79999.794608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80699.446959                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80699.446959                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79493.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82918.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80424.001718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79991.853706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80114.696864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79493.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82918.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80424.001718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79991.853706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80114.696864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1111                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               348.622463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   16307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.677768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.403405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.219058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.680115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.680903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32578                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32578                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1955                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1956                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1955                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1956                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161821877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161821877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161821877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161821877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161821877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161821877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82773.338619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82731.020961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82773.338619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82731.020961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82773.338619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82731.020961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128262325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128262325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128262325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128262325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128262325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128262325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.046907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.046907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.046907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79223.177888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79223.177888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79223.177888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79223.177888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79223.177888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79223.177888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          246                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.657624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.292683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019266171000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.521836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.135788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.570987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.666102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1189                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1189                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1189                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1189                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          283                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          283                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5088181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5088181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5088181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5088181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5088181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5088181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.192255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.194444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.192255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.192255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17979.438163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17728.853659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17979.438163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17728.853659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17979.438163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17728.853659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4189347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4189347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4189347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4189347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4189347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4189347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.192255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.192255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.192255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14803.346290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14803.346290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14803.346290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14803.346290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14803.346290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14803.346290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2901                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.277920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.705963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124843300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.611855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2946                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2951                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2946                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2951                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34376956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34376956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34376956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34376956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34376956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34376956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.569581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.569581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.569581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11669.027834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11649.256523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11669.027834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11649.256523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11669.027834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11649.256523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25218679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25218679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25218679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25218679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25218679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25218679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8560.311948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8560.311948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8560.311948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8560.311948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8560.311948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8560.311948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.119385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.897933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019081958300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.348616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.770770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45860                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45863                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21992                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21992                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67852                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67855                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7450                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7452                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          803                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          804                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    706677495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    706677495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79641382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79641382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    786318877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    786318877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    786318877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    786318877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035269                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94856.039597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94830.581723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99179.803238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99056.445274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95276.732946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95242.112040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95276.732946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95242.112040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          999                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              999                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254006963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254006963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76541708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76541708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    330548671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330548671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    330548671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330548671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87078.149811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87078.149811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95438.538653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95438.538653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88881.062382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88881.062382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88881.062382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88881.062382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57394                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57394                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6352                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        38203                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24713                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       154838                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                269185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57394                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24713                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        482191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1950                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2923                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             78                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       754523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.052681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          672180     89.09%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8940      1.18%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5228      0.69%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3625      0.48%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5552      0.74%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5678      0.75%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5382      0.71%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3575      0.47%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44363      5.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       754523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051889                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243366                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          160835                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       489516                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74997                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4544                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24629                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        474970                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24629                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          170427                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         397368                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        60793                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        452780                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          417                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       543728                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1180308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1180308                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       333404                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          210175                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2127                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2115                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74997                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        29957                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          958                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            427144                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2139                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           374175                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229494                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          662                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       754523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.495909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       604116     80.07%     80.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56180      7.45%     87.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34572      4.58%     92.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22819      3.02%     95.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16531      2.19%     97.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10748      1.42%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6819      0.90%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2288      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          450      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       754523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            799     33.80%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           838     35.45%     69.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          727     30.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3017      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       283170     75.68%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60386     16.14%     92.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27602      7.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        374175                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338286                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2364                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006318                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1508978                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       574297                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       360866                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        373522                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22924                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          118                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7162                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          122                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24629                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357424                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       429283                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29957                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2122                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2090                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          118                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5588                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7554                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       366128                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        58084                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37727                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             26940                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.331011                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                361923                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               360866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           250932                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           400653                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326253                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626308                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6594                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       730056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.379601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       638295     87.43%     87.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35844      4.91%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13932      1.91%     94.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15044      2.06%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7152      0.98%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3527      0.48%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2895      0.40%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2259      0.31%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11108      1.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       730056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       155744                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        277130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67250                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44455                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30588                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           276752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11108                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1147160                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             883223                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2102                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 351568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             155744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               277130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       155744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.101981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.101981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140806                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140806                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          732566                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         420966                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169684                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.950947                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                950946553548                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5970713823153                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24857                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46383                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               27871662                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4671604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34118.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848087033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1582534948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3531776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       895744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9559808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            14181696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       895744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         895744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10346752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10346752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        13996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       149372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               221589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         161668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              161668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        26315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3713958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       138574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       941950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10052939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14913242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       941950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            941950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10880477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10880477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10880477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        26315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3713958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       138574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       941950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10052939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              25793719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   108368                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.418266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   108382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.510998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020553223000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.132906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.285360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.955335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.963642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18678                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18678                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8038                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8038                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26716                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26716                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103930                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99575                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101303                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203505                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4610766033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4611855033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124539784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6722998000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6847537784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125628784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11333764033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11459392817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125628784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11333764033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11459392817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925306                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44364.149264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44363.102369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72071.634259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67516.926939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67594.619942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71583.352707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55692.803779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55828.670062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71583.352707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55692.803779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55828.670062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       322200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11933.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56896                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56896                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       748200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3325844146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3326592346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103745500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5492687103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5596432603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104493700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8818531249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8923024949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104493700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8818531249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8923024949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926487                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27711.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32000.809641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31999.695509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60037.905093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55161.306583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55244.490321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59540.569801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43333.241193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43471.815985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59540.569801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43333.241193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43471.815985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      12202138                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      6251.565270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        68525769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      12208424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.612991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1214.828871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    85.050385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    47.783684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   3807.711407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1096.188514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.148295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.464809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.133812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.763131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17594249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4696129                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     31935343                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8684402                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               62910123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7261230                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              7261230                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       599805                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              599805                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1533988                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1533988                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17594249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4696129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     31935343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10218390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                64444111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17594249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4696129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     31935343                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10218390                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               64444111                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       189214                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95768                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7349648                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2935266                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             10569896                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        56087                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             56087                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1467103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1467103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       189214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7349648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4402369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              12036999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       189214                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95768                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7349648                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4402369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             12036999                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4134976235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2036324943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 157799069857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71058357815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   235028728850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2169630237                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2169630237                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43973118532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  43973118532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4134976235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2036324943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 157799069857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 115031476347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    279001847382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4134976235                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2036324943                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 157799069857                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 115031476347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   279001847382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17783463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4791897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39284991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11619668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           73480019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7261230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          7261230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       655892                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          655892                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3001091                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3001091                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17783463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4791897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39284991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14620759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            76481110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17783463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4791897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39284991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14620759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           76481110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.187085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.143847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085513                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.085513                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.488857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.187085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.301104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.157385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.187085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.301104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.157385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21853.437034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21263.103991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21470.289442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24208.490070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22235.670895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38683.299820                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38683.299820                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29972.754832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29972.754832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21853.437034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21263.103991                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21470.289442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26129.449019                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23178.688258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21853.437034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21263.103991                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21470.289442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26129.449019                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23178.688258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             2592728                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  2592728                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       188447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7349648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2935263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10568097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        56087                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        56087                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1467103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1467103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       188447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7349648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4402366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         12035200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       188447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7349648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4402366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        12035200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3111636738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1504387630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115810897012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54737425457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 175164346837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3035509241                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3035509241                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35652549298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35652549298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3111636738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1504387630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115810897012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  90389974755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 210816896135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3111636738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1504387630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115810897012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  90389974755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 210816896135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8912267677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8912267677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13958755006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13958755006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22871022683                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22871022683                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.187085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085513                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085513                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.187085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.301104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.157362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.187085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.301104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16511.999331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15879.285511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15757.339265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18648.218390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16574.823910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54121.440637                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54121.440637                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24301.326695                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24301.326695                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16511.999331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15879.285511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15757.339265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20532.135392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17516.692380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16511.999331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15879.285511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15757.339265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20532.135392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17516.692380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        161344                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31883.288085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        12872792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        193489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         66.529839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17633.494008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.086176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.019319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   426.320480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   143.134162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5551.456589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8128.774974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.538132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.169417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.248071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.973001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       186388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94152                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7335644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2791088                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               10407272                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2592728                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              2592728                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4803                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4803                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1302210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1302210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       186388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7335644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4093298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                11709482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       186388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94152                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7335644                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4093298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               11709482                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2059                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14004                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       144175                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               160825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        84636                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             84636                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       131541                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             131541                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       275716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                292366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14004                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       275716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               292366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    191040184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54555885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1310167240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8380650659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     9936413968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1565878883                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1565878883                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11723591922                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  11723591922                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    191040184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54555885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1310167240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20104242581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     21660005890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    191040184                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54555885                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1310167240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20104242581                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    21660005890                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       188447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7349648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2935263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           10568097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2592728                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          2592728                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        89439                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89439                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1433751                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1433751                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       188447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7349648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4369014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            12001848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       188447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7349648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4369014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           12001848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.946299                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.946299                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.091746                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.091746                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.024360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.024360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92782.993686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92940.178876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93556.643816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58128.320853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61784.013480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18501.333747                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18501.333747                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89125.002258                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89125.002258                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92782.993686                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92940.178876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93556.643816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72916.488637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74085.242094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92782.993686                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92940.178876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93556.643816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72916.488637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74085.242094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              104772                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   104772                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       144175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          160825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        84636                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        84636                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       131541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        131541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       275716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           292366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       275716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          292366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    162175542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     46303419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1112722921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6349981669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7671183551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4659974079                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4659974079                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9841746581                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9841746581                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    162175542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     46303419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1112722921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16191728250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17512930132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    162175542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     46303419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1112722921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16191728250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17512930132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7941442733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7941442733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12435520441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12435520441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20376963174                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20376963174                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.946299                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.946299                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.091746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.024360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78764.226323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78881.463373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79457.506498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44043.569752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47698.949485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55059.006557                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55059.006557                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74818.851772                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74818.851772                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78764.226323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78881.463373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79457.506498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58726.110382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59900.707100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78764.226323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78881.463373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79457.506498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58726.110382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59900.707100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840078                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25001                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                38994797                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50003                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635246                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         52582                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 23892640                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 15102157                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          26291                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          26292                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18648                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              39284995                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137316008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              39285507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.495335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137294130                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137294130                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137294130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137294130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137294130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137294130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     42330469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     42330469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     42330469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      42330469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     42330469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     42330469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 727524536106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 727524536106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 727524536106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 727524536106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 727524536106                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 727524536106                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179624599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179624599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179624599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179624599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179624599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179624599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.235661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.235661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17186.781845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17186.781845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17186.781845                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17186.781845                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17186.781845                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17186.781845                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       324877                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40609.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3045472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3045472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3045472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3045472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3045472                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3045472                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39284997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     39284997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39284997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     39284997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39284997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     39284997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 549164154520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 549164154520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 549164154520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 549164154520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 549164154520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 549164154520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.218706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.218706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.218706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13978.979164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13978.979164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13978.979164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13978.979164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13978.979164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13978.979164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4794453                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4339093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4794469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.905021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4338666                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4338666                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4338666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4338666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4338666                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4338666                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4795150                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4795150                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4795150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4795150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4795150                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4795150                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82304902468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82304902468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82304902468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  82304902468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82304902468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  82304902468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9133816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9133816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9133816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9133816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9133816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9133816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.524989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.524989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.524989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17164.197672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17164.197672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17164.197672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17164.197672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17164.197672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17164.197672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        31178                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        31178                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4795150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4795150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4795150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4795150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4795150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4795150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67697411720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67697411720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67697411720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67697411720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67697411720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67697411720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14117.892395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14117.892395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14117.892395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14117.892395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14117.892395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14117.892395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17787739                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.986415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5591703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17787755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.314357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.986415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5591565                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5591565                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5591565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5591565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5591565                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5591565                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17798654                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17798654                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17798654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17798654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17798654                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17798654                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297000461453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 297000461453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297000461453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 297000461453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297000461453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 297000461453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23390219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23390219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23390219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23390219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23390219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23390219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.760944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.760944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.760944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16686.680996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16686.680996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16686.680996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16686.680996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16686.680996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16686.680996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        30152                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        30152                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17798654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17798654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17798654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17798654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17798654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17798654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 242917282936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 242917282936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 242917282936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 242917282936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 242917282936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 242917282936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13648.070407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13648.070407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13648.070407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13648.070407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13648.070407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13648.070407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14579488                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.838744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               281533837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14580000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.309591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.838744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    182203229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      182203229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98540475                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98540475                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    280743704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       280743704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    280743704                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      280743704                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     17769915                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     17769915                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3671046                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3671046                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21440961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      21440961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21440961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     21440961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 430743853610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 430743853610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98615026008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  98615026008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 529358879618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 529358879618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 529358879618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 529358879618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    199973144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    199973144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102211521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102211521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    302184665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    302184665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    302184665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    302184665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24240.062691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24240.062691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26862.922995                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26862.922995                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24689.139615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24689.139615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24689.139615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24689.139615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7199901                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          7199901                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6143275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6143275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        34742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        34742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6178017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6178017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6178017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6178017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11626640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11626640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3636304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3636304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15262944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15262944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15262944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15262944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 235052481916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 235052481916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85242169211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85242169211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 320294651127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 320294651127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 320294651127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 320294651127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9312315228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9312315228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14503794650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14503794650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23816109878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23816109878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035576                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035576                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20216.716258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20216.716258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23441.980982                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23441.980982                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20985.116051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20985.116051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20985.116051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20985.116051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2815773268                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231475559                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231475559                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42282759                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    196907004                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103517181                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1332297796                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1058954217                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231475559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103517181                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            330325473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      153877955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          88657361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     379438140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       567630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2045062                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        179624607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29164357                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1212128                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2243422741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.883033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.336870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1921810981     85.66%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20107226      0.90%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14687776      0.65%     87.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26592023      1.19%     88.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22794567      1.02%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27678655      1.23%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19484851      0.87%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16855804      0.75%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       173410858      7.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2243422741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.082207                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.376079                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1402551418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    419780142                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304766651                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6233307                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     110091223                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1917737017                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          898                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     110091223                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1424063405                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      148970062                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    226449117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        288415358                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45433576                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1835114628                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       720620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       6919672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     30121766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       284731                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1993035547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4564555694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4564466194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        89500                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1196616772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       796418767                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6129303                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6173438                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        142145390                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    258408483                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    158664574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16320458                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14743606                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1694704427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8935720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1531500813                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7672249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    569501484                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    759692894                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3358269                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2243422741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.682663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.457293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1676938225     74.75%     74.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    190672973      8.50%     83.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    121728549      5.43%     88.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     84745877      3.78%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69676364      3.11%     95.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49194778      2.19%     97.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     37080780      1.65%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11112475      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2272720      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2243422741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4564380     41.60%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4242773     38.67%     80.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2164488     19.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18483772      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1136631210     74.22%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    235397326     15.37%     90.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140988505      9.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1531500813                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.543901                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10971641                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5331903488                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2273519627                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1454509521                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40244                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24342                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20094                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1523968565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20117                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23737779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95069466                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       516418                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       425961                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56435690                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       200690                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     110091223                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       78509228                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1780083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1703640147                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     31183665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    258408483                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    158664574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7868832                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        879348                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        76733                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       425961                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14085546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33335043                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47420589                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1483916020                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    223959884                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47584793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           359118402                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156727900                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135158518                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.527001                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1457556841                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1454529615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        914886481                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1409793151                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.516565                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648951                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    626088327                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5577451                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42523923                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2134228572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.465489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1779173895     83.36%     83.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    127164551      5.96%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57479540      2.69%     92.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63403733      2.97%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33537973      1.57%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14952598      0.70%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12088638      0.57%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7814962      0.37%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38612682      1.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2134228572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    583298119                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1077387730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             265567897                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            163339014                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             576863                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         124819429                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1072850919                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     38612682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3797845547                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3517527082                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               20898096                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              572350527                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            38045722                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          583298119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1077387730                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    583298119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.827331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.827331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.207154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.207154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2843499022                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1565443982                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20094                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      699135245                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5201931                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       942504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2789543648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       501153267                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3294485939                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2789543648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2789543648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800126                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    349737914                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       357302264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        348692956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         79510826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           428440523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        50484598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           50665930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2897341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       991122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        88333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2933438938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          527004662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3464428076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2933438938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2933438938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3958397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3996151                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         367778728                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            375733276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3966078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6893492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       991122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        88333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2933438938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         894783390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3840161352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840078                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25001                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               38994797                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50003                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635246                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        52582                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                15102157                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                23892640                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         26292                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         26291                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              18578                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     2855689614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 263382116                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   502651120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           500984658                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36019709                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  500984658                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1292414980                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        554650968                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   130191669                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  79585294                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 50606375                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2267709938.360810                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             587979675.639190                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.205898                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.794102                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
