
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52334                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    93313                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28514345                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535982                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              302272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    467674761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    277887346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1035064619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    467674761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467893915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    467674761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    277887346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1298268643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.641991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598615090000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.641991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.540124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.540124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    222445848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    222445848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223269848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    223269848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223269848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    223269848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182932.440789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182932.440789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180639.035599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180639.035599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180639.035599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180639.035599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1323600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9255.944056                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       579800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       579800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207805376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207805376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208385176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208385176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208385176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208385176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        28990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170892.578947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170892.578947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168596.420712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168596.420712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168596.420712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168596.420712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           271                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1819.023226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              97                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.357934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           86.864060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.938899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.233275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.125967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1171.944453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    509.916705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.124491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.444097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2497                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2021                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             664                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  664                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2021                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3234                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7437102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2683728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224289142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102373501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      336783473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33038198                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33038198                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7437102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2683728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224289142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135411699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       369821671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7437102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2683728                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224289142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135411699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      369821671                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          664                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              664                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              408                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.641472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.385689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776413                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.776961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.670347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.403844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.670347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.403844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106244.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107349.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103454.401292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106750.261731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104138.365182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104551.259494                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104221.444795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106244.314286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107349.120000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103454.401292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106205.254118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104145.781752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106244.314286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107349.120000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103454.401292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106205.254118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104145.781752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7054102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2546428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212318771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97118845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319038146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31283298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31283298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7054102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2546428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212318771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128402143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350321444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7054102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2546428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212318771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128402143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350321444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7061631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7061631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10245192                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10245192                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.641472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.670347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.402366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.670347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100772.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101857.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97933.012454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101270.954119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99018.667287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98997.778481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98997.778481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100772.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101857.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97933.012454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100707.563137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99016.801583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100772.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101857.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97933.012454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100707.563137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99016.801583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1783.671211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.585704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.527536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.127167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1200.629072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    529.801869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     42                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2134                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          954                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3192                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3507                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6779202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2461228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204542575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93714971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      307497976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30041502                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30041502                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6779202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2461228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204542575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123756473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337539478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6779202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2461228                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204542575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123756473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337539478                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.957143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.957143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.957143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101182.119403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98449.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95849.379100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98233.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96333.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95673.573248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95369.847619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101182.119403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98449.120000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95849.379100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97599.742114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96247.356145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101182.119403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98449.120000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95849.379100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97599.742114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96247.356145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5849365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2113717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174563202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80406524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262932808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25575331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25575331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5849365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2113717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174563202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105981855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    288508139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5849365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2113717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174563202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105981855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    288508139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6318715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6318715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9152715                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9152715                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.957143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.957143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.957143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87303.955224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84548.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81800.938144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84283.568134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82683.272956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81450.098726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81450.098726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87303.955224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84548.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81800.938144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83581.904574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82572.449628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87303.955224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84548.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81800.938144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83581.904574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82572.449628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3678                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               430.658397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.118271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598730067000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.164468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   430.493929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.840808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.841130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25594                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25603                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25594                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25603                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4915                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4915                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4916                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319900581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319900581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319900581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319900581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319900581                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319900581                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65086.588199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65073.348454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65086.588199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65073.348454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65086.588199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65073.348454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249487265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249487265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249487265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249487265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249487265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249487265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59557.714252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59557.714252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59557.714252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59557.714252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59557.714252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59557.714252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          109                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.234527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.155963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748790300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.099409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.693713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.702158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4327318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4327318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4327318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4327318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4327318                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4327318                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.246548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.246548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.246548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35469.819672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34618.544000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35469.819672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34618.544000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35469.819672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34618.544000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3939264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3939264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3939264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3939264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3939264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3939264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32289.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32289.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32289.049180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32289.049180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32289.049180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32289.049180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2558                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.904904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.258796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620490300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.826660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.078244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          787                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          787                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37153402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37153402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37153402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37153402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37153402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37153402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.765913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.765913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.765913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14467.835670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14428.505631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14467.835670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14428.505631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14467.835670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14428.505631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29240676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29240676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29240676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29240676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29240676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29240676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11386.556075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11386.556075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11386.556075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11386.556075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11386.556075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11386.556075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1403                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               364.260182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 26.852459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.409244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   363.850937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.710646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.711446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31610                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31610                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17336                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17337                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48946                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48947                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2714                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3133                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215948328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215948328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37165191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37165191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253113519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253113519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253113519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253113519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79568.285925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79538.979006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88699.739857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88488.550000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80789.504947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80737.964593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80789.504947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80737.964593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          664                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              664                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111545593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111545593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34743254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34743254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146288847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146288847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146288847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146288847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7330261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7330261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10651822                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10651822                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022923                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022921                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74512.754175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74512.754175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85364.260442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85364.260442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76832.377626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76832.377626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76832.377626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76832.377626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44374                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44374                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33752                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17688                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       201755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212109                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62696                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          346                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30509                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4252                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             66                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       452762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.871023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.344243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          391426     86.45%     86.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2777      0.61%     87.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2472      0.55%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3295      0.73%     88.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5016      1.11%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3765      0.83%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5744      1.27%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2729      0.60%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35538      7.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       452762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199346                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173956                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56800                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2191                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        378638                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204538                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108067                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52291                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13619                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        359712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       396767                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       899135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       898981                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243227                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153408                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1046                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1038                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36604                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47568                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27431                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3079                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1460                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            334500                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1736                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296880                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1624                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       167189                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          845                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       452762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.655709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.427422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       342269     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37128      8.20%     83.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23530      5.20%     88.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18055      3.99%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12832      2.83%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9711      2.14%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6482      1.43%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2288      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          467      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       452762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            726     47.42%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           412     26.91%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          393     25.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3270      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228737     77.05%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41627     14.02%     92.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23236      7.83%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296880                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338583                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1531                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1050687                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       447493                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        295112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17991                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9623                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92635                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       336236                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47568                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27431                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1362                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          171                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1505                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8105                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       288150                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39452                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61616                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29577                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22164                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328627                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283706                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282944                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186114                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295854                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322689                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629074                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.430238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358342     82.88%     82.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27433      6.34%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13633      3.15%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11669      2.70%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6826      1.58%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3448      0.80%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1971      0.46%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2745      0.63%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6318      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117305                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47348                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29545                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23913                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              762064                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             693013                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2754                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 424069                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.474796                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.474796                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133783                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133783                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558440                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         308944                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126363                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.987688                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1987688367954                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9586751521464                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29533                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    51618                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29235787                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5056288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 67988.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007872416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3509417032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1500672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4434176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       884992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     60097600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    305254784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           372175808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60097600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       60097600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    171043392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        171043392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       939025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4769606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5815247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2672553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2672553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       754984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2230821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       445237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30234921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    153572758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              187240522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30234921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30234921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         86051413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              86051413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         86051413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       754984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2230821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       445237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30234921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    153572758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             273291935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23919                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.811850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.176315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.011020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23559                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1942345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17086345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4203723064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4209211064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4218867064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7430345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4226297409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4218867064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7430345                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4226297409                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.968900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41604.395604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47374.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42188.506173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178973.223093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 77295.774648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178666.796723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176876.868355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66342.366071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176360.265774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176876.868355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66342.366071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176360.265774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28297200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10554.718389                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23535                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23535                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10695500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1434100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12129600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3920732832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4617600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3925350432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3931428332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6051700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3937480032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3931428332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6051700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3937480032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29383.241758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34978.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29949.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166924.933243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 65036.619718                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166617.871387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164825.940466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54033.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164308.130195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164825.940466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54033.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164308.130195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      19665691                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4014.907736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        85990245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      19669756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.371699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627271893300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          980.462264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.004446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   145.154023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.281166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    923.297108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1919.705813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.239371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.225414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.468678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31425723                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2565554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12243691                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     22921234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               69156202                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20472201                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20472201                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       980300                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              980300                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5648142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              5648142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31425723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2565554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12243691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28569376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                74804344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31425723                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2565554                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12243691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28569376                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               74804344                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433016                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145918                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4570452                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10868286                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16017672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7500                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7500                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3596203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3596203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4570452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14464489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              19613875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433016                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145918                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4570452                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14464489                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             19613875                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14996006125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4347390978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175324877330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 458058942122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   652727216555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    183743797                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    183743797                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 244371569508                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 244371569508                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14996006125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4347390978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175324877330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 702430511630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    897098786063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14996006125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4347390978                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175324877330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 702430511630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   897098786063                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31858739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2711472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16814143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33789520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           85173874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20472201                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20472201                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       987800                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          987800                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9244345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9244345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31858739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2711472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16814143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43033865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            94418219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31858739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2711472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16814143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43033865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           94418219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.188059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.389017                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.389017                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.207734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.207734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34631.528916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29793.383805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38360.511680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42146.382799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40750.442171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24499.172933                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24499.172933                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67952.662713                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67952.662713                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34631.528916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29793.383805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38360.511680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48562.414589                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45737.967947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34631.528916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29793.383805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38360.511680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48562.414589                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45737.967947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7364706                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7364706                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       432971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4570447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10868239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16017517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3596203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3596203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       432971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4570447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14464442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         19613720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       432971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4570447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14464442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        19613720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12639728765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3539672208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149455713512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 397280354265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 562915468750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    611116646                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    611116646                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 224247529188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 224247529188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12639728765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3539672208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149455713512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 621527883453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 787162997938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12639728765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3539672208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149455713512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 621527883453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 787162997938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103306953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103306953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    234989998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    234989998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    338296951                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    338296951                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.389017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.207732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29193.014694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24267.600494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32700.458732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36554.252650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35143.740990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81482.219467                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81482.219467                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62356.749379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62356.749379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29193.014694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24267.600494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32700.458732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42969.364698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40133.284147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29193.014694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24267.600494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32700.458732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42969.364698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40133.284147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5766078                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32214.566362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        17589083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5798697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.033282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7987123062000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11412.252556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.110682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.054841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   512.053596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   128.651598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6401.093571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13760.340954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.348274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.195346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.419932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       363687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       132032                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3631421                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8184149                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12311289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7364706                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7364706                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1278                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1510337                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1510337                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       363687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       132032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3631421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9694486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                13821626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       363687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       132032                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3631421                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9694486                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               13821626                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13828                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939026                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2684090                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3706228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6348                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6348                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2085740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2085740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4769830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5791968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69284                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13828                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939026                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4769830                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5791968                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6459617816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1309337480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87740295759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 251083061274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   346592312329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50579370                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     50579370                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193619149246                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 193619149246                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6459617816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1309337480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87740295759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 444702210520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    540211461575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6459617816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1309337480                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87740295759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 444702210520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   540211461575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       432971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4570447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10868239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16017517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7364706                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7364706                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7626                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7626                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3596077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3596077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       432971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4570447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14464316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            19613594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       432971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4570447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14464316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           19613594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.231386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832415                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.832415                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.580004                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.580004                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.295304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.295304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93233.904163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94687.408157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.557383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93544.948669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93516.187436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7967.764650                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7967.764650                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92829.954475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92829.954475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93233.904163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94687.408157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.557383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93232.297696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93269.068747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93233.904163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94687.408157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.557383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93232.297696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93269.068747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2649018                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2649018                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2684090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3706228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6348                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6348                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2085740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2085740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4769830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5791968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4769830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5791968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5487933551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1115985196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74499346409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 213274405417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 294377670573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    496737611                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496737611                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163715899974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 163715899974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5487933551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1115985196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74499346409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376990305391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 458093570547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5487933551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1115985196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74499346409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376990305391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 458093570547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     92229371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     92229371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    206282705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    206282705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    298512076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    298512076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832415                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832415                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.580004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.580004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.295304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79209.248181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80704.743708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.830300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79458.738499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79427.836219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78251.041430                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78251.041430                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78492.956924                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78492.956924                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79209.248181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80704.743708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.830300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79036.423812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79091.177739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79209.248181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80704.743708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.830300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79036.423812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79091.177739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9853                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2801                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     7051                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              16814209                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               488172390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              16814721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 29.032441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    488166763                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      488166763                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    488166763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       488166763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    488166763                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      488166763                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18087995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18087995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18087995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      18087995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18087995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     18087995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424770921689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 424770921689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424770921689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 424770921689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424770921689                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 424770921689                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    506254758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    506254758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    506254758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    506254758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    506254758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    506254758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23483.582436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23483.582436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23483.582436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23483.582436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23483.582436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23483.582436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9367699                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40552.809524                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1273691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1273691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1273691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1273691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1273691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1273691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16814304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16814304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16814304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16814304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16814304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16814304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 325775918179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 325775918179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 325775918179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 325775918179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 325775918179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 325775918179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19374.927334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19374.927334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19374.927334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19374.927334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19374.927334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19374.927334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2711685                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9238601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2711701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.406939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9238284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9238284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9238284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9238284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9238284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9238284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2711885                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2711885                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2711885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2711885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2711885                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2711885                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43274863367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43274863367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43274863367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  43274863367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43274863367                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  43274863367                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11950169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11950169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11950169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11950169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11950169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11950169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15957.484689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15957.484689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15957.484689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15957.484689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15957.484689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15957.484689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2096                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2096                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2711885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2711885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2711885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2711885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2711885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2711885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34743975890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34743975890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34743975890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34743975890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34743975890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34743975890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12811.743820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12811.743820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12811.743820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12811.743820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12811.743820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12811.743820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     31867261                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      61256567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     31867277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.922240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61255974                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     61255974                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61255974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     61255974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61255974                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     61255974                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31874737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     31874737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31874737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     31874737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31874737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     31874737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 401816481003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 401816481003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 401816481003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 401816481003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 401816481003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 401816481003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93130711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93130711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93130711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     93130711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93130711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     93130711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12606.111260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12606.111260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12606.111260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12606.111260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12606.111260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12606.111260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        34549                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        34549                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31874737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31874737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31874737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31874737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31874737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31874737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 302451195529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 302451195529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 302451195529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 302451195529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 302451195529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 302451195529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9488.743249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9488.743249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9488.743249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9488.743249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9488.743249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9488.743249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              43033669                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               985405223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              43034181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.898199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    724260745                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      724260745                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    259983875                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     259983875                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    984244620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       984244620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    984244620                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      984244620                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     52710712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     52710712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10262610                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10262610                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     62973322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      62973322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     62973322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     62973322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1535085318194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1535085318194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 374105588075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 374105588075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1909190906269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1909190906269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1909190906269                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1909190906269                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    776971457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    776971457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    270246485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    270246485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1047217942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1047217942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1047217942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1047217942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29122.834049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29122.834049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36453.259753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36453.259753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30317.455799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30317.455799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30317.455799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30317.455799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     20435556                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         20435556                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18909636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     18909636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        49053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        49053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18958689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     18958689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18958689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     18958689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     33801076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     33801076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10213557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10213557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     44014633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     44014633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     44014633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     44014633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 738342366061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 738342366061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 335266355428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 335266355428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1073608721489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1073608721489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1073608721489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1073608721489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    107707459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    107707459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    246077678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    246077678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    353785137                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    353785137                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21843.753319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21843.753319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32825.621419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32825.621419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24392.086184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24392.086184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24392.086184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24392.086184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              5969034138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       597209342                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    597209342                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63117764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    432891066                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       349133149                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1955403252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3278249289                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          597209342                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    349133149                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            974633302                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      337817744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85570816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1872804225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        69146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2049866                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2363                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        506254971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31305655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1282425                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5163457794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.117955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.561049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4205216157     81.44%     81.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59158218      1.15%     82.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59459363      1.15%     83.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86930810      1.68%     85.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        65703079      1.27%     86.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80039248      1.55%     88.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59228236      1.15%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        66512892      1.29%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       481209791      9.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5163457794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.100051                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.549209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2027209124                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1927037951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        898344761                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     37941134                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     272924824                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5638170495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2330                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     272924824                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2109458939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1537997508                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     59592534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        847236650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    336247339                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5481114784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3058875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      58012648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    257813324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1877303                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6128775404                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13816265220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13772595687                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     43669533                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3958314720                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2170460677                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3708641                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3716399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        735788266                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1060788734                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    427360801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     70244833                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     45628837                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5242419692                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6377357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4577293763                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10180829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1686825797                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2529949364                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2551641                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5163457794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.886478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.509633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3306350153     64.03%     64.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    668874528     12.95%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    466982327      9.04%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    287657889      5.57%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    198566376      3.85%     95.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129704091      2.51%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     73693055      1.43%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     26498375      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5131000      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5163457794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6432234     29.97%     29.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27697      0.13%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8984591     41.86%     71.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      6016706     28.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31320669      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3290221238     71.88%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      6832615      0.15%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    898235408     19.62%     92.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    350683833      7.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4577293763                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.766840                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21461228                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004689                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14348101906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6913554598                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4430657738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     26371200                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     22892250                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12173849                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4554299455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13134867                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     97902835                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    361184608                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       788399                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       863112                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    157117883                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       210385                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          410                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     272924824                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1091352407                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     23582250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5248797049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29449798                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1060788734                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    427360807                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5953100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9178958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2831445                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       863112                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43358154                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24553250                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     67911404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4505352383                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    875150968                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     71941380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1219309401                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       434265449                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         344158433                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.754788                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4456441898                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4442831587                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3110255405                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4828975762                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.744313                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644082                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1756858090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3825716                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63328744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   4891350035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.714408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.768566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3808499940     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    372335079      7.61%     85.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    167453783      3.42%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    205065018      4.19%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76489850      1.56%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     45093662      0.92%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33812749      0.69%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23122106      0.47%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    159477848      3.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   4891350035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999760284                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3494419429                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             969847059                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            699604127                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             183064                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         368581977                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9572632                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3472819435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    159477848                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          9982214573                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10776587052                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16894917                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              805576344                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999760284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3494419429                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999760284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.984875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.984875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.335022                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.335022                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8743515446                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4932480230                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         11678719                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         8902420                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2169421484                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3522265                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74026600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12452173                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           86737237                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74026600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74026600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9034144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10268408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9253325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1939149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11224554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1216582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1235903                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        88328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        39274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           37242558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6264651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              43637241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      37242558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         37242558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       620266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4545050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5166005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       621478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        88328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        39274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          37242558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10809701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             48803246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9853                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    7051                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2801                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     5965187890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7037013                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13092091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13037803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1023291                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13037803                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          33835570                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         14975380                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3162931                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1943566                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1219365                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             5949886254.156001                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15301635.843999                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002565                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997435                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
