
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59619                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   106287                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32449424                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536541                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        82688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              311680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    283147044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1067280265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        291255744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    283147044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1358536009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1350                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.731514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613482000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.731514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248548832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248548832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249483832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249483832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249483832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249483832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 184932.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184932.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182638.237189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182638.237189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182638.237189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182638.237189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1412600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 140                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10090                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       656300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232367592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232367592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233023892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233023892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233023892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233023892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29831.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29831.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172892.553571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172892.553571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170588.500732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170588.500732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170588.500732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170588.500732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           173                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1833.480870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              46                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.265896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           62.462244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.678155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.673199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.449382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1189.127203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    530.090820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.290314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.129417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.447627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1639                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             553                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  553                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1639                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4629                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          983                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3221                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3535                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7821008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2716687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222833356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106056464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      339427515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32630152                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32630152                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7821008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2716687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222833356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138686616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       372057667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7821008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2716687                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222833356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138686616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      372057667                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          553                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              553                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.413904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.821990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.768683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.432999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.768683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.432999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111728.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104487.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104616.599061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107890.604273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105379.545172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104249.686901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103917.681529                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111728.685714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104487.961538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104616.599061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107011.277778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105249.693635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111728.685714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104487.961538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104616.599061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107011.277778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105249.693635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7442708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2574687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211077829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100663715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321758939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30892652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30892652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7442708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2574687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211077829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131556367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352651591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7442708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2574687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211077829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131556367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352651591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7071544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7071544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10255002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10255002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.768683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.431406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.204724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.768683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106324.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99026.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99097.572300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102404.593082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100267.665628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98698.568690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98698.568690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106324.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99026.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99097.572300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101509.542438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100128.220045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106324.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99026.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99097.572300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101509.542438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100128.220045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1799.509288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.312468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.965124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.328013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1205.209573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    540.694246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                      7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                       7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                      7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3214                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1292                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7205508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2473887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203803096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97219657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      310702148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29659514                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29659514                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7205508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2473887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203803096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126879171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       340361662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7205508                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2473887                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203803096                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126879171                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      340361662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.997827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.998019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.998019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102935.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98955.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95862.227658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99102.606524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96671.483510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95368.212219                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95062.544872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102935.828571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98955.480000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95862.227658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98203.692724                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96529.115712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102935.828571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98955.480000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95862.227658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98203.692724                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96529.115712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6249381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2126828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173943828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83526471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265846508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25238266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25238266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6249381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2126828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173943828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108764737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291084774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6249381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2126828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173943828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108764737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291084774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6327164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6327164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9161164                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9161164                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89276.871429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85073.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81817.416745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85144.211009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83025.143036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81151.980707                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81151.980707                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89276.871429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85073.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81817.416745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84183.232972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82859.315115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89276.871429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85073.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81817.416745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84183.232972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82859.315115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3258                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.733113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.745549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616681300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.435173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26110                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26119                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26110                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26119                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311893657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311893657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311893657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    311893657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311893657                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    311893657                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69994.088196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69978.383891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69994.088196                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69978.383891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69994.088196                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69978.383891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243144048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243144048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243144048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243144048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243144048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243144048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64511.554258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64511.554258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64511.554258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64511.554258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64511.554258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64511.554258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          114                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.047149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.228070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745275000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.912641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.682040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4192748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4192748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4192748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4192748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4192748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4192748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.249520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.249520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.249520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33013.763780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32251.907692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33013.763780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32251.907692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33013.763780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32251.907692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3787316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3787316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3787316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3787316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3787316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3787316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29821.385827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29821.385827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29821.385827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29821.385827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29821.385827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29821.385827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2559                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.264947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618735300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.815220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.102563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          813                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          813                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          813                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          813                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36123881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36123881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36123881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36123881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36123881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36123881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.759681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.760177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.759681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.760177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.759681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.760177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14055.984825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.804036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14055.984825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.804036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14055.984825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.804036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28181690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28181690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28181690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28181690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28181690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28181690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.759681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.759681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.759681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.638132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.638132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.638132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.638132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.638132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.638132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1176                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.188408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.259354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598700763300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.687028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32519                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32519                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17385                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17386                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49904                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49905                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2438                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2829                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2831                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218980718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218980718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36568170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36568170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255548888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255548888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255548888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255548888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021996                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89819.818704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89782.992210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93524.731458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93286.147959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90331.879816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90268.063582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90331.879816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90268.063582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          553                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              553                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113081873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113081873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34194741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34194741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147276614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147276614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147276614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147276614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3322703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3322703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7339844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7339844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10662547                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10662547                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021487                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86652.776245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86652.776245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89515.028796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89515.028796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87300.897451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87300.897451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87300.897451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87300.897451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44479                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44479                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6909                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32256                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17832                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       194684                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                214236                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17832                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166937                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          387                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4096                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             67                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       450486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.881748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.356986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          388739     86.29%     86.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2760      0.61%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2498      0.55%     87.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3344      0.74%     88.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5102      1.13%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3665      0.81%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5757      1.28%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2816      0.63%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35805      7.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       450486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050721                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244299                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          193526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176980                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20598                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381377                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20598                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          198739                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         110989                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52217                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54139                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        362372                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       400339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       906584                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       906434                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244285                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          155950                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1093                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1093                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37374                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48417                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27526                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3195                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1808                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298543                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1710                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112157                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168305                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          917                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       450486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.662713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.434399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       339726     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36919      8.20%     83.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23612      5.24%     88.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18043      4.01%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13086      2.90%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9878      2.19%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6509      1.44%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2221      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          492      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       450486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            726     48.30%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           393     26.15%     74.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          384     25.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3255      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229580     76.90%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42307     14.17%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23391      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298543                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340436                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1503                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005034                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1051803                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450723                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5082                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18521                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9700                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20598                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94666                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1025                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338485                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48417                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27526                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1406                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           542                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6538                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8033                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289775                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40122                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62428                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29644                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22306                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330438                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284623                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187568                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           298086                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324563                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629241                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121752                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6958                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       429977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.433784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355503     82.68%     82.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27572      6.41%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13755      3.20%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11746      2.73%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6878      1.60%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3486      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2036      0.47%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2782      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6219      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       429977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117864                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216704                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47688                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29864                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24033                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214794                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              762071                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697731                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2513                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 426457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216704                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.440296                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.440296                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134403                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134403                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          561930                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311289                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127426                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.078778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3078777809664                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10677840963174                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27828                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48386                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28375098                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5237652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                108502.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3019380568                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5250034846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1753408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            12864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6839040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1337600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     95091648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    482365312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           587399872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     95091648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       95091648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    267232512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        267232512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        27397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1485807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7536958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              9178123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4175508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4175508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       569514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                4178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2221349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       434458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30886168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    156674285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              190789952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30886168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30886168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         86798245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              86798245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         86798245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       569514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               4178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2221349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       434458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30886168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    156674285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             277588198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28506                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.955050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.004418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.773527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.181523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.985845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.011345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.997191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            18                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               18                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             66                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                66                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          434                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27840                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          28099                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            28686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28274                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          412                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           28686                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     18126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      7220039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25346039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4956056520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     20275000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4976331520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4974182520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     27495039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5001677559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4974182520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     27495039                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5001677559                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          28752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         28752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.761194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.924409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.997705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41764.976959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47189.797386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43178.942078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178019.271552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78281.853282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177099.950888                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175927.796562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66735.531553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174359.532838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175927.796562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66735.531553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174359.532838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     33539500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10396.621203                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28007                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28007                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12726200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5322600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18048800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4620542816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     17096300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4637639116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4633269016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22418900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4655687916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4633269016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22418900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4655687916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.761194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29323.041475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34788.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30747.529813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165967.773563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66008.880309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165046.411474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163870.305440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54414.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162298.261033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163870.305440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54414.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162298.261033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          435                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1781760                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          435                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      28735180                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4046.491120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       132094173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      28739175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.596311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7603420797700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1013.395273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.005015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.008738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.834727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    47.126802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    890.705241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1951.415259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.247411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.217457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.476420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.987913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44882168                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3466285                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16173690                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     28638229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               93160372                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        44462272                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             44462272                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1468922                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1468922                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24363840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             24363840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44882168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3466285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16173690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     53002069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               117524212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44882168                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3466285                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16173690                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     53002069                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              117524212                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       570783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178526                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6305330                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16147266                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23201905                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10978                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10978                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5491129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5491129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       570783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6305330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21638395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28693034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       570783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6305330                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21638395                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28693034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21087111350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5676905810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 257657747089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 709306251669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   993728015918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134995443                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    134995443                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 374516440947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 374516440947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21087111350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5676905810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 257657747089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1083822692616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1368244456865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21087111350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5676905810                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 257657747089                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1083822692616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1368244456865                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45452951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3644811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     22479020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44785495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          116362277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     44462272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         44462272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1479900                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1479900                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29854969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         29854969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45452951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3644811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     22479020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     74640464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           146217246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45452951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3644811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     22479020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     74640464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          146217246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.360547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.199394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007418                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007418                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.183927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.289902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.196236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.289902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.196236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 36944.182553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31798.762141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 40863.483289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43927.328110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42829.587308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12296.906814                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12296.906814                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68203.905052                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68203.905052                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 36944.182553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31798.762141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 40863.483289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50087.942873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47685.597029                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 36944.182553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31798.762141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 40863.483289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50087.942873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47685.597029                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            10754649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 10754649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       570734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6305322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16147199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23201694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10978                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10978                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5491129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5491129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       570734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6305322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21638328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28692823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       570734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6305322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21638328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28692823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17979650722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4688513610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 222003482777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 618986674689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 863658321798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    897049986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    897049986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 343822565543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 343822565543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17979650722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4688513610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 222003482777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 962809240232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1207480887341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17979650722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4688513610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 222003482777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 962809240232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1207480887341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    160589866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    160589866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    379456182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    379456182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    540046048                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    540046048                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.360545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007418                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007418                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.289901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.196234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.289901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31502.680271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26275.161876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35208.904918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38333.996793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37223.933813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81713.425578                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81713.425578                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62614.184723                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62614.184723                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31502.680271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26275.161876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35208.904918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44495.546986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42083.028475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31502.680271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26275.161876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35208.904918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44495.546986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42083.028475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       9125412                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32219.611766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        24801943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       9157451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.708389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7705231691000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10842.223448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.048566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.033795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   500.485590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   128.554224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6265.156206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14483.103702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.330878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.191197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.441989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       463874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       157539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4819514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11812943                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               17253870                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10754649                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             10754649                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1813                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1813                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2287833                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2287833                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       463874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       157539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4819514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14100776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                19541703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       463874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       157539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4819514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14100776                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               19541703                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106860                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20900                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1485808                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4334256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5947824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9245                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9245                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3203216                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3203216                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1485808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7537472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               9151040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106860                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1485808                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7537472                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              9151040                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9968060843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1979818400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138857321980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 405721072543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   556526273766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77578529                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     77578529                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 297354402019                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 297354402019                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9968060843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1979818400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138857321980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703075474562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    853880675785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9968060843                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1979818400                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138857321980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703075474562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   853880675785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       570734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6305322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16147199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23201694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10754649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         10754649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11058                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11058                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5491049                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5491049                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       570734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6305322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21638248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28692743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       570734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6305322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21638248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28692743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.187233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.256353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836046                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.836046                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583352                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.583352                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.187233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.318932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.187233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.318932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93281.497689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94728.153110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93455.764123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93608.008512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93568.046695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8391.403894                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8391.403894                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92829.956525                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92829.956525                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93281.497689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94728.153110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93455.764123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93277.358053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93309.686744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93281.497689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94728.153110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93455.764123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93277.358053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93309.686744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4147501                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4147501                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1485808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4334256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5947824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9245                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9245                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3203216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3203216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1485808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7537472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          9151040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1485808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7537472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         9151040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8469552367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1687675968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117906472280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 344677548072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 472741248687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    721333190                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    721333190                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 251443225821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 251443225821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8469552367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1687675968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117906472280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 596120773893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 724184474508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8469552367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1687675968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117906472280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 596120773893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 724184474508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    143237856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    143237856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    333749056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    333749056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    476986912                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    476986912                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.187233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836046                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836046                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.187233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.318932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.187233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79258.397595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80750.046316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79355.120096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79524.040129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79481.378179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78024.141698                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78024.141698                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78497.118465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78497.118465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79258.397595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80750.046316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79355.120096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79087.626978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79136.849419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79258.397595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80750.046316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79355.120096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79087.626978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79136.849419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2622                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6408                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         45                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         66                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    66                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   23464                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       111                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        9030                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            36                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6813                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    16651                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             15                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             21                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  38                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              22479172                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               722428682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              22479684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 32.136959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    722420553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      722420553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    722420553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       722420553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    722420553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      722420553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24227549                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     24227549                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24227549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      24227549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24227549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     24227549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 595782086719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 595782086719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 595782086719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 595782086719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 595782086719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 595782086719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    746648102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    746648102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    746648102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    746648102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    746648102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    746648102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24591.100269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24591.100269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24591.100269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24591.100269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24591.100269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24591.100269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     15015777                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            373                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40256.774799                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1748250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1748250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1748250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1748250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1748250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1748250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     22479299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22479299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     22479299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     22479299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     22479299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     22479299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 456976591955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 456976591955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 456976591955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 456976591955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 456976591955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 456976591955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20328.774129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20328.774129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20328.774129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20328.774129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20328.774129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20328.774129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3644932                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      12856922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3644948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.527327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12856732                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     12856732                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12856732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     12856732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12856732                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     12856732                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3645141                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3645141                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3645141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3645141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3645141                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3645141                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  55970651488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55970651488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  55970651488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  55970651488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  55970651488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  55970651488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16501873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16501873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16501873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     16501873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16501873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     16501873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.220893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15354.865968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15354.865968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15354.865968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15354.865968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15354.865968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15354.865968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3645141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3645141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3645141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3645141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3645141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3645141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44453773538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44453773538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44453773538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44453773538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44453773538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44453773538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12195.350890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12195.350890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12195.350890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12195.350890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12195.350890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12195.350890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     45461666                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      90410216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     45461682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.988713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90409633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     90409633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90409633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     90409633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90409633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     90409633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45472296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     45472296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45472296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     45472296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45472296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     45472296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 580779288747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 580779288747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 580779288747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 580779288747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 580779288747                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 580779288747                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135881929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135881929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135881929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    135881929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135881929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    135881929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.334646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.334646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.334646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12772.156672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12772.156672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12772.156672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12772.156672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12772.156672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12772.156672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        23325                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        23325                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45472296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     45472296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45472296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     45472296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45472296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     45472296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 438934407393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 438934407393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 438934407393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 438934407393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 438934407393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 438934407393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9652.787433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9652.787433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9652.787433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9652.787433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9652.787433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9652.787433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              74640554                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1463638606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              74641066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.609026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090553048                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1090553048                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    371331709                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     371331709                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1461884757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1461884757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1461884757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1461884757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     70456127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     70456127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     31373184                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     31373184                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    101829311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total     101829311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    101829311                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total    101829311                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2235136039974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2235136039974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 823836808813                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 823836808813                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3058972848787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3058972848787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3058972848787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3058972848787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1161009175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1161009175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    402704893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    402704893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1563714068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1563714068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1563714068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1563714068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31723.799407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31723.799407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26259.266793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26259.266793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30040.199808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30040.199808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30040.199808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30040.199808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     44437655                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         44437655                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25663121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     25663121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        56674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        56674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25719795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     25719795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25719795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     25719795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     44793006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     44793006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     31316510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     31316510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     76109516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     76109516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     76109516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     76109516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1081097703844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1081097703844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 705237554127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 705237554127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1786335257971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1786335257971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1786335257971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1786335257971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    167501060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    167501060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    396760085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    396760085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    564261145                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    564261145                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077765                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077765                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24135.413101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24135.413101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22519.672662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22519.672662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23470.590169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23470.590169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23470.590169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23470.590169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9245579008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       876227372                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    876227372                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     94287364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    630868753                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       510197096                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2864310386                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4839163348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          876227372                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    510197096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1430479527                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      482307358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         116875650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    3252755396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       118042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2605248                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4556                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        746648432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     45863020                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1704132                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   8053316993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.052991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.499290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6646704608     82.53%     82.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        87584635      1.09%     83.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        83709077      1.04%     84.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       128186797      1.59%     86.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        97758608      1.21%     87.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       116425062      1.45%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        89040599      1.11%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        98156421      1.22%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       705751186      8.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   8053316993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.094773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.523403                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2955734257                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   3337795787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1313379008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     60239753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     386168188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8277903709                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3975                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     386168188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3085898822                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2714828328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     55173776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1231705266                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    579542613                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8041132031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4261240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      84519849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    468032642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2371100                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9016370229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20270310263                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20201040894                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     69269369                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5916635740                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3099734585                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2767673                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2763878                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1203448000                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1567436673                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    609707004                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     94655534                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     60876277                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7686773079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5248023                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6762500734                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     14571400                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2378080795                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3518613405                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2138231                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   8053316993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.839716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.469805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   5255658780     65.26%     65.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1052806294     13.07%     78.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    695091438      8.63%     86.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    420523192      5.22%     92.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    289937642      3.60%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    189538115      2.35%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    105090288      1.30%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     37410835      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7260409      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   8053316993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9153111     31.29%     31.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        41449      0.14%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13024736     44.53%     75.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      7030647     24.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     46676065      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4846622759     71.67%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     11233230      0.17%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1344463517     19.88%     92.41% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    513505163      7.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6762500734                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.731431                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           29249943                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004325                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21615751841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10034685893                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6545715452                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     42449786                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     36508602                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19742139                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6723914754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       21159858                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    149514493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    510902361                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1279579                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1148082                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    207007742                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       336999                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11263                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     386168188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1922663258                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     39891469                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7692021102                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     46387781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1567436673                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    609707020                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4655156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      12384607                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4401956                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1148082                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     64550429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     36603398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    101153827                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6656816044                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1310907094                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    105684690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1815249006                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       641273126                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         504341912                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.720000                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6585406803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6565457591                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4571994631                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7070222292                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.710119                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646655                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2481427148                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3109792                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     94582896                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7667713483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.679949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.718399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   6011586934     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    595752162      7.77%     86.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    255490255      3.33%     89.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    308656574      4.03%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    113915925      1.49%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     66716064      0.87%     95.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     49273329      0.64%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34510471      0.45%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    231811769      3.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7667713483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999758856                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5213653837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1459233606                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1056534324                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             241280                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         547060444                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15685307                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5181437096                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    231811769                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         15130248556                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        15777928917                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               22846133                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1192262015                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999758856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5213653837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999758856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.082107                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.082107                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.324453                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.324453                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     12970607557                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7311208871                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18718805                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14766367                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3211616998                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2631111                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            8888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       554112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       225800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       195016760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        32927212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          228735172                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    195016760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     195016760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         5102                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     24054464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        25292462                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        69264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        28225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         24377095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          5176960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            29652120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3242334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3261810                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               2887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       179978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        73341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           63342265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           10694897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              74294147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      63342265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         63342265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       400450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7812991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8215098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       401229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              4544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       179978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        73341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          63342265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          18507888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             82509245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6408                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2622                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        66                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        45                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   44                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  23464                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      111                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       9030                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           36                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   16651                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6813                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            21                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            15                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 47                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9243913888                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  18545165                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    34473651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            34336091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                30625                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2771010                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   34336091                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       30625                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          89671310                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         39345918                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              45815                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             18806                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     8441154                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   5191726                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3249428                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             9203606795.903975                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             40307092.096025                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004360                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995640                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
