
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  94616                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   167968                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52718757                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520224                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        68672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              288704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    436948468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    236910413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              995995220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    436948468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         437610846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    436948468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    236910413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1303338458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.228840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083047605000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.228840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.576802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.576802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       912000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       912000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246511824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246511824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247423824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247423824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247423824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247423824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41454.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41454.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175079.420455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175079.420455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173023.653147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173023.653147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173023.653147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173023.653147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1644400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10541.025641                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       643800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       643800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229546092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229546092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230189892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230189892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230189892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230189892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29263.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29263.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163029.894886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163029.894886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160971.952448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160971.952448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160971.952448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160971.952448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           169                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1829.137412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              34                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.201183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          122.901950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.992348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.444421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.744338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1231.668092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    436.386364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.030005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.106540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.446567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1907                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5040                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             649                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  649                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2429                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1907                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          665                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3135                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    206343514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77422121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      287429515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35875903                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35875903                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    206343514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113298024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323305418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258185                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    206343514                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113298024                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323305418                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          427                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.555976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.355746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817330                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.818605                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.619783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.379862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.619783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.379862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105102.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103171.757000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105336.219048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103280.458139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102796.283668                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101920.178977                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105102.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103171.757000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104518.472325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103127.725040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105102.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103171.757000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104518.472325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103127.725040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3088785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    195302508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73413566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272188154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33946603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33946603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3088785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    195302508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107360169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306134757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3088785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    195302508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107360169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306134757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7502432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7502432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11321433                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11321433                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.555976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.619783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.377923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.619783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99638.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97651.254000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99882.402721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98262.871480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97268.203438                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97268.203438                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99638.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97651.254000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99040.746310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98151.573261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99638.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97651.254000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99040.746310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98151.573261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1754.640316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.426480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.044452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.744533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1259.919586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    453.505408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     30                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              10                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   10                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     30                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2753                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          348                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    188262941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70723011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      262338145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32673794                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32673794                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    188262941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103396805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295011939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982098                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    188262941                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103396805                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295011939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          348                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              351                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.989220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.990428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.990428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96196.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95130.339060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97414.615702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95291.734471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93890.212644                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93087.732194                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96196.709677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95130.339060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96272.630354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95042.506121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96196.709677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95130.339060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96272.630354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95042.506121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          348                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           348                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2551335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    160443262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60626554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223934751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27719478                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27719478                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2551335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    160443262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88346032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251654229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2551335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    160443262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88346032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251654229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82301.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81072.896412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83507.650138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81728.011314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79653.672414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79653.672414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82301.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81072.896412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82258.875233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81494.245142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82301.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81072.896412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82258.875233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81494.245142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3398                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               457.844750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.286639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083050982300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.547209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.893647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.894228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21458                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21475                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21458                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21475                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4572                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4572                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294222121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294222121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294222121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294222121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294222121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294222121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64395.298971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64353.044838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64395.298971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64353.044838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64395.298971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64353.044838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229902054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229902054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229902054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229902054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229902054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229902054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58843.627847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58843.627847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58843.627847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58843.627847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58843.627847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58843.627847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          114                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.077158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.903509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.341755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.735403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          188                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2009641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2009641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2009641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2009641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2009641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2009641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.385621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.399361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.385621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.399361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.385621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.399361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17030.855932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16077.128000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17030.855932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16077.128000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17030.855932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16077.128000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1642558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1642558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1642558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1642558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1642558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1642558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.385621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.385621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.385621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13919.983051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13919.983051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13919.983051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13919.983051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13919.983051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13919.983051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2451                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.107568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.104039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.016900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          299                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          299                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2461                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2467                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2461                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2467                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32440991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32440991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32440991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32440991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32440991                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32440991                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.891902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.891902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.891902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13182.036164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13149.976084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13182.036164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13149.976084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13182.036164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13149.976084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24891307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24891307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24891307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24891307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24891307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24891307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10114.305973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10114.305973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10114.305973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10114.305973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10114.305973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10114.305973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1257                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.832193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   27827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.137629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.432793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.399401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.723436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.726235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27517                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16353                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16357                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43869                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          440                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          443                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2722                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    155297310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155297310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     39999236                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39999236                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    195296546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195296546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    195296546                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195296546                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68142.742431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68142.742431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90907.354545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90291.729120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71826.607576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71747.445261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71826.607576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71747.445261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86567017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86567017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37355172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37355172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123922189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123922189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123922189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123922189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11776199                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11776199                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025487                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025476                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65481.858548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65481.858548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87278.439252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87278.439252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70812.679429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70812.679429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70812.679429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70812.679429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38464                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38464                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6258                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29119                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15203                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172586                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                186797                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15203                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54623                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        169078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           16                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          312                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26027                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3819                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             36                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       416175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.826852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.292442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          362679     87.15%     87.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2545      0.61%     87.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2026      0.49%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2898      0.70%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3912      0.94%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3814      0.92%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5120      1.23%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2062      0.50%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31119      7.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       416175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049777                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241738                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2309                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17933                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        330569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17933                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173160                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         112981                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52839                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47021                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12236                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        314070                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       344351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       777062                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       776972                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212676                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          131672                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          966                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          968                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30896                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25151                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2172                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            292595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1585                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           261599                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1445                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        96719                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       138992                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          769                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       416175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.628579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.402074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       318936     76.64%     76.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32443      7.80%     84.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20490      4.92%     89.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16337      3.93%     93.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11393      2.74%     96.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8719      2.10%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5439      1.31%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1980      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          438      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       416175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            496     39.15%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           401     31.65%     70.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          370     29.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2915      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       200841     76.77%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        36043     13.78%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21790      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        261599                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338540                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1267                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       942966                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       390987                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       249035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        259937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4321                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15080                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8281                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           34                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17933                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          99207                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          707                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       294180                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25151                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1196                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           262                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           88                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          144                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1165                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6161                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7326                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       253999                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34181                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54996                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25726                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20815                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328705                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                249774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               249044                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161442                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           253184                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322293                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637647                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       104522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6296                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       398302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.476129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.398748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       332879     83.57%     83.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24335      6.11%     89.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12451      3.13%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10013      2.51%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5966      1.50%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2952      0.74%     97.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1724      0.43%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2457      0.62%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5525      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       398302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104490                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42325                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25463                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20635                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5525                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              686814                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             606393                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2460                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 356551                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97706                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189643                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.395215                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.395215                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135223                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135223                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          488497                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         270789                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111326                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993656947                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501281726                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43357                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    84740                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11795803482                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4547644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5087.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   220569803                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     431100570                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3435008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       615360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4703424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8832128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       615360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         615360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4490816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4490816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               138002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          70169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               70169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        78379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 147180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            74836                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 74836                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            74836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        78379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                222016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71466                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.887293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.251956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.635337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.015747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.914709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        42402                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         3000                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         45402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           100132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          100132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    506875664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4887816209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5394691873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8979313600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    156510000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9135823600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9486189264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   5044326209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14530515473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9486189264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   5044326209                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14530515473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        42423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         3001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        45424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         100154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        45424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        100154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143590.839660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115273.246757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117449.531329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175377.218750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet        52170                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168557.630996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173327.046665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111103.612374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145113.604772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173327.046665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111103.612374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145113.604772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    115249236                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11832                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9740.469574                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          51992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               51992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        42402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         3000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464188100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4376348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4840536100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8362186700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    119089600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8481276300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8826374800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4495437600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13321812400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8826374800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4495437600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13321812400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131498.045326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103210.886279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105384.831925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163323.958984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39696.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156481.112546                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161271.236982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99014.087485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133042.507890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161271.236982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99014.087485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133042.507890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        352614                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3995.676352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4730802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        356613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         13.265927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1138.912593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    70.243498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.265260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1421.811801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1354.442807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.278055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.347122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.330675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.975507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1288709                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40950                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1910274                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       710855                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                3950788                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          841642                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               841642                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        23556                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               23556                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       218931                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               218931                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1288709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1910274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       929786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4169719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1288709                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40950                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1910274                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       929786                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4169719                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5561                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          996                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       105122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       170760                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               282439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17726                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17726                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        89973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              89973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       105122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       260733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                372412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5561                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          996                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       105122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       260733                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               372412                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141832396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29352949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3079404047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8245424833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    11496014225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    217347356                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    217347356                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5498370060                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5498370060                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141832396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29352949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3079404047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13743794893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     16994384285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141832396                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29352949                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3079404047                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13743794893                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    16994384285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1294270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2015396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       881615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4233227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       841642                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           841642                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        41282                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           41282                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       308904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           308904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1294270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2015396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1190519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4542131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1294270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2015396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1190519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4542131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.193690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.066720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429388                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.429388                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.291265                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.291265                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.081991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.081991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25504.836540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29470.832329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29293.621193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48286.629380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40702.644553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12261.500395                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12261.500395                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61111.334067                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61111.334067                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25504.836540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29470.832329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29293.621193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52712.141896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45633.288629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25504.836540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29470.832329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29293.621193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52712.141896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45633.288629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              152503                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   152503                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       105118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       170760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          282435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17726                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17726                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        89973                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         89973                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       105118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       260733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           372408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       105118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       260733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          372408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    112060158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23976523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2483775683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7300198385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9920010749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1567519081                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1567519081                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4983529860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4983529860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    112060158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23976523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2483775683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12283728245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14903540609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    112060158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23976523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2483775683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12283728245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14903540609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1499918891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1499918891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3369817544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3369817544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4869736435                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4869736435                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.193690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429388                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429388                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.291265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.081990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20151.080381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24072.814257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23628.452625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42751.220338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35123.163733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88430.502144                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88430.502144                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55389.170751                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55389.170751                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20151.080381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24072.814257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23628.452625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47112.288222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40019.388974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20151.080381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24072.814257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23628.452625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47112.288222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40019.388974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         56673                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32340.331202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          346727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         88984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.896509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         7875.738790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.007310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.397654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.202503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   192.085836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    56.545744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4954.604045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  19257.749320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.240348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.151203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.587700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5247                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          897                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        95502                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       114907                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 216553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          152503                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               152503                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  81                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44955                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                44955                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        95502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       159862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  261508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5247                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          897                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        95502                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       159862                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 261508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9616                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        55853                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                65882                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41250                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             41250                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              21413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        77266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 87295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9616                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        77266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                87295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29253608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9243594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    899755057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5063526355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     6001778614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79856029                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     79856029                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1982387682                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1982387682                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29253608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9243594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    899755057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7045914037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      7984166296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29253608                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9243594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    899755057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7045914037                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     7984166296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       105118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       170760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             282435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       152503                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           152503                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        41331                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           41331                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        66368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            66368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       105118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       237128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              348803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       105118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       237128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             348803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.233264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998040                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998040                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322640                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.322640                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.250270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.250270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93164.356688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93369.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93568.537542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90658.090971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91098.913421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1935.903733                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1935.903733                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92578.699015                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92578.699015                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93164.356688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93369.636364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93568.537542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91190.355875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91461.896970                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93164.356688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93369.636364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93568.537542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91190.355875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91461.896970                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               18177                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    18177                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           65882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41250                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        41250                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         21413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            87295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           87295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24853762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7855786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    764227799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4273253088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5070190435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3122611218                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3122611218                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1673581202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1673581202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24853762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7855786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    764227799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5946834290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6743771637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24853762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7855786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    764227799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5946834290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6743771637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1341575920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1341575920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2966955991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2966955991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4308531911                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4308531911                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998040                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998040                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.250270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79152.108280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79351.373737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.604721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76508.926790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76958.659953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75699.665891                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75699.665891                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78157.250362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78157.250362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79152.108280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79351.373737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.604721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76965.732534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77252.667816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79152.108280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79351.373737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.604721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76965.732534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77252.667816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2513449                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1949                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1923                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  340481                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2047                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2553989                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   335076                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3168                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               2015397                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22694981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               2015909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.257939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22686417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22686417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22686417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22686417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22686417                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22686417                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2115734                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2115734                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2115734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2115734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2115734                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2115734                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29544782123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29544782123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29544782123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  29544782123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29544782123                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  29544782123                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24802151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24802151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24802151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24802151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24802151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24802151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13964.317879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13964.317879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13964.317879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13964.317879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13964.317879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13964.317879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       271152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        33894                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       100327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       100327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       100327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       100327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2015407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2015407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2015407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2015407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2015407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2015407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21260008489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21260008489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21260008489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21260008489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21260008489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21260008489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10548.742010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10548.742010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10548.742010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10548.742010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10548.742010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10548.742010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        41973                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         28061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        41989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.668294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083923506300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27754                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        27754                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        27754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27754                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        27754                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42183                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        42183                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        42183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        42183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    794903819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    794903819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    794903819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    794903819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    794903819                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    794903819                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        69937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        69937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        69937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.603157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.603157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.603157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.603157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.603157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.603157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18844.174644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18844.174644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18844.174644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18844.174644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18844.174644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18844.174644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           61                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    665886052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    665886052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    665886052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    665886052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    665886052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    665886052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.603157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.603157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.603157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15785.649480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15785.649480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15785.649480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15785.649480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15785.649480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15785.649480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1294582                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        178950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1294598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.138228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       178595                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       178595                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       178595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       178595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       178595                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       178595                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1294897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1294897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1294897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1294897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1294897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1294897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17118283063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17118283063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17118283063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  17118283063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17118283063                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  17118283063                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1473492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1473492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1473492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1473492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1473492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1473492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13219.802859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13219.802859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13219.802859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13219.802859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13219.802859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13219.802859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2802                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2802                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1294897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1294897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1294897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1294897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1294897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1294897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13176189057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13176189057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13176189057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13176189057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13176189057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13176189057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10175.472688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10175.472688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10175.472688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10175.472688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10175.472688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10175.472688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1188288                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.160836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44398609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1188799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 37.347448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083514006329                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.160836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26560336                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26560336                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17790451                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17790451                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44350787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44350787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44350787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44350787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1870850                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1870850                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       353415                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       353415                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2224265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2224265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2224265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2224265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67520355820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  67520355820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11020529210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11020529210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78540885030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78540885030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78540885030                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78540885030                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28431186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28431186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18143866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18143866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46575052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46575052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46575052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46575052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36090.737269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36090.737269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31182.969625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31182.969625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35310.938683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35310.938683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35310.938683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35310.938683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       838779                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           838779                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       988209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       988209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         5467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       993676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       993676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       993676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       993676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       882641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       882641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       347948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       347948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1230589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1230589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1230589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1230589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18175002294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18175002294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9569999315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9569999315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27745001609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27745001609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27745001609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27745001609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1563163780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1563163780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3517093183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3517093183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5080256963                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5080256963                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20591.613458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20591.613458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27504.107841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27504.107841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22546.115404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22546.115404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22546.115404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22546.115404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               288412059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        32180021                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     32180021                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3586344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23715539                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16806372                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    120876987                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             147249105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           32180021                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16806372                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             50225986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11875173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            546468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      89648986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       268356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        66282                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          153                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24802157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2131515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          13312                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    269781821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.096665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.551602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       220478976     81.72%     81.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4624613      1.71%     83.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2371686      0.88%     84.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3418424      1.27%     85.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3520833      1.31%     86.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3491276      1.29%     88.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3512162      1.30%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3286415      1.22%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        25077436      9.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    269781821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.111577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.510551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       118150934                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     95209765                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         47264278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1008241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       8148603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     290643255                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       8148603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       122055637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       45863950                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     39592599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         44293681                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9827351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     283086424                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        72160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3174693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4738791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       214290                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    315743275                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    710733578                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    680303074                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30430504                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    245604210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        70139083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1227005                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1257810                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26885023                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     34097017                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21325775                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2327036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1547236                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         262310311                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1560212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        248511413                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       586119                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     42000456                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     60148093                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       407019                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    269781821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.921157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.591168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174830840     64.80%     64.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     32343648     11.99%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21824508      8.09%     84.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     15082783      5.59%     90.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10870417      4.03%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7663263      2.84%     97.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5145375      1.91%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1567729      0.58%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       453258      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    269781821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         543351     36.23%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4398      0.29%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        597035     39.81%     76.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       355111     23.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4140512      1.67%      1.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    182794414     73.56%     75.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9202760      3.70%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32345594     13.02%     91.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     20028133      8.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     248511413                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.861654                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1499895                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006036                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    747443227                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    290932751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    232281616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21885427                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14962664                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10718095                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     234931075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10939721                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3161239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5957406                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        47818                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        30539                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3238062                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        26984                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       8148603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       36742438                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       461868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    263870523                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6241484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34097017                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21325775                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1337373                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        254402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        34102                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        30539                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1439621                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2517853                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3957474                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    244712751                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31591585                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3798669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            51338247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        25093428                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19746662                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.848483                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             243286100                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            242999711                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        162212886                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        270450108                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.842544                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.599789                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     45326277                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1153194                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3591663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261723758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.834095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.827310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190293553     72.71%     72.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24469318      9.35%     82.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14612366      5.58%     87.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11433174      4.37%     92.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5346029      2.04%     94.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2987005      1.14%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2365462      0.90%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1937795      0.74%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      8279056      3.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261723758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109807714                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     218302498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              46227322                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             28139610                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             161236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22845813                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244923                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        210246581                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      8279056                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           516737474                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          535508771                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 988036                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               18630238                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179917548324                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109807714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            218302498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109807714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.626519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.626519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.380732                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.380732                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       486932031                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      258734415                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18770863                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9802373                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      101748163                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1168497                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73676                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7398152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7786312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1159139552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231445080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1405957116                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1159139552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1159139552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2546585                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150540579                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154901692                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       924769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144892444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32502865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179298331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           42534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19694897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19765783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19316097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3856840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23429107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19316097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19316097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             42437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2508634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2581308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             43664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19316097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6365474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             26010415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2513449                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1949                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1923                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 340481                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2047                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2553989                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  335076                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               2000                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186506                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109697560                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210914569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           210019351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                46065                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13414102                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  210019351                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       46065                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         529497457                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232888374                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              74830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37993                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52284940                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32537487                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19747453                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961050751.086578                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             246135754.913419                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001366                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998634                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
