
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  83994                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   149510                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46188667                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4487828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      530395                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        944116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    426564212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    229080781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              975348726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    426564212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         427222490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    426564212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    229080781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1280789767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.568106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001366713000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.568106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.598007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.598007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249362824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249362824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250292824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250292824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250292824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250292824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42272.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42272.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177104.278409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177104.278409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175029.946853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175029.946853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175029.946853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175029.946853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1760400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11357.419355                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       662500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       662500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232397092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232397092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233059592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233059592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233059592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233059592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30113.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30113.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165054.752841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165054.752841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162978.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162978.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162978.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162978.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           114                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1843.318175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              20                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.175439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           69.969268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.320546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.474105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.246436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1232.446786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    502.861088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.122769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.450029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2413                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1762                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          577                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4871                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           98                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   98                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2413                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1762                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          675                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4969                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2832                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3067                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3137121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202510489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86034371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      292308698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24106519                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24106519                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3137121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202510489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110140890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       316415217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3137121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202510489                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110140890                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      316415217                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.586083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.367649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.703927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.705706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.049180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.608696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.381658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.049180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.608696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.381658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104570.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104452.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102901.671240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105305.227662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103216.348164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103461.454936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102580.931915                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104570.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104452.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102901.671240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104896.085714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103167.661232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104570.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104452.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102901.671240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104896.085714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103167.661232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2973921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191656203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81560051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276783892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22815819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22815819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2973921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191656203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104375870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    299599711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2973921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191656203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104375870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299599711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7508573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7508573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11330238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11330238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.586083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.703927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.608696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.380040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.608696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99130.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98952.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97386.282012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99828.703794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98115.523573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97921.969957                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97921.969957                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99130.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98952.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97386.282012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99405.590476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98100.756713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99130.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98952.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97386.282012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99405.590476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98100.756713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1811.868659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.612172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.593768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.246726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1251.324756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    520.091331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     28                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     28                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2804                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3038                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2868721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184697894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78665830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      266805762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21936524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21936524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2868721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184697894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100602354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288742286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2868721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573317                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184697894                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100602354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288742286                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.990868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.990868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95624.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95552.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95009.204733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96759.938499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95151.840942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94553.982759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93745.829060                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95624.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95552.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95009.204733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96270.195215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95043.543779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95624.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95552.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95009.204733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96270.195215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95043.543779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2453521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157406414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67309627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227658811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18644075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18644075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2453521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157406414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85953702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246302886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2453521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157406414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85953702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246302886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81784.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81541.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80970.377572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82791.669127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81510.494450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80362.392241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80362.392241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81784.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81541.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80970.377572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82252.346411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81422.441653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81784.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81541.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80970.377572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82252.346411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81422.441653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3219                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.967958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.047530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001370060300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.033904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.934054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.888543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.890562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23353                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23353                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4392                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4395                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4395                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    289396051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    289396051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    289396051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    289396051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    289396051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    289396051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.158299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.158299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.158299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65891.632741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65846.655518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65891.632741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65846.655518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65891.632741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65846.655518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224885280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224885280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224885280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224885280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224885280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224885280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60290.959786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60290.959786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60290.959786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60290.959786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60290.959786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60290.959786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          113                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.444484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.106195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.255390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.189094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.652780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          228                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          228                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2088069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2088069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2088069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2088069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2088069                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2088069                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.351585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.354108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.351585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.354108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.351585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.354108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17115.319672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16704.552000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17115.319672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16704.552000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17115.319672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16704.552000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1704361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1704361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1704361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.351585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.351585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.351585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13970.172131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13970.172131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13970.172131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13970.172131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13970.172131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13970.172131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2435                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.875467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.077618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.829654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          299                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          299                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2451                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32463889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32463889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32463889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32463889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32463889                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32463889                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.891273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.891273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.891273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13277.664213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13245.160751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13277.664213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13245.160751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13277.664213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13245.160751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24941548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24941548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24941548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24941548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24941548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24941548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10201.042127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10201.042127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10201.042127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10201.042127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10201.042127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10201.042127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1242                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               358.461638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   28862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.238325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.737346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   356.724292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.696727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.700120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29620                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15716                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15719                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45335                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2649                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2651                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2993                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2997                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197104342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    197104342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27849369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27849369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224953711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224953711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224953711                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224953711                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74407.075123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74350.940023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80957.468023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80489.505780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75159.943535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75059.629963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75159.943535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75059.629963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95194735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95194735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25674775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25674775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120869510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120869510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120869510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120869510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7792902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7792902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11781012                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11781012                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020797                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68288.906026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68288.906026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76870.583832                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76870.583832                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69947.633102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69947.633102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69947.633102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69947.633102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778331                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           42069                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        42069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6373                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30564                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16791                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175324                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                198824                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              42069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58956                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        152935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          415                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27745                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3872                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             34                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       408367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.906645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.382754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          350635     85.86%     85.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2801      0.69%     86.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2124      0.52%     87.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3030      0.74%     87.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4669      1.14%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4099      1.00%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5466      1.34%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2206      0.54%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           33337      8.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       408367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.054050                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.255449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       159929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            52338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3232                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        355941                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178849                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85502                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61669                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50899                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12745                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        338189                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          131                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       373985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       842156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       842066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       233423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          140544                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1007                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            33061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43610                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24718                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1168                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            314616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1715                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           280828                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1466                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       102594                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       151232                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          859                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       408367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.687685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.453263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       304325     74.52%     74.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34382      8.42%     82.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21903      5.36%     88.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17637      4.32%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12333      3.02%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9269      2.27%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6014      1.47%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2064      0.51%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          440      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       408367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            697     48.47%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           395     27.47%     75.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          346     24.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3103      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       217750     77.54%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38767     13.80%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21198      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        280828                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.360808                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1438                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005121                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       973801                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       419030                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       267664                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        279149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4482                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15935                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8613                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           45                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73738                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       316331                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4695                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43610                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24718                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1291                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           600                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1199                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7475                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       272767                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36834                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               57000                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           28180                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20166                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.350451                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                268440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               267673                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           176557                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           280083                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.343906                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630374                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       110723                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          856                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6426                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       389741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.484672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       320957     82.35%     82.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24837      6.37%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12693      3.26%     91.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10599      2.72%     94.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6299      1.62%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3420      0.88%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1883      0.48%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2463      0.63%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6590      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       389741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       112068                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        205575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43773                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27668                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22917                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           203726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6590                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              699309                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             651434                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 369964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97518                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             112068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               205575                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       112068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.945167                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.945167                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143985                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143985                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          528922                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         293919                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         118313                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           702                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.095120                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 95119627824                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15096952592010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32611                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59487                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34954636                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2721.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88742376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     161877297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1128256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5276160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18644288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26876288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5276160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5276160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11541824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11541824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        82440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       291317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               419942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         180341                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              180341                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     17353811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11861443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1130366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       729355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     55468678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    196008841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              282552493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     55468678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          55468678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        121340088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             121340088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        121340088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     17353811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11861443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1130366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       729355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     55468678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    196008841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             403892581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44901                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.755251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.012179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.928666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.826585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.308042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.614162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.922203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                62                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             9                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                9                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             71                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                71                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2148                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17674                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43594                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19822                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46147                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    123251588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140503588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4567679760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1696760000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6264439760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4584931760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1820011588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6404943348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4584931760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1820011588                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6404943348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.971946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.976291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42597.530864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 57379.696462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55034.699569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176222.212963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96003.168496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143699.586182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174166.448623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 91817.757441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138794.360370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174166.448623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 91817.757441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138794.360370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     31846300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2861                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11131.177910                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42970                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42970                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12283600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     96706200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108989800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4255308404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1483365700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5738674104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4267592004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1580071900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5847663904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4267592004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1580071900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5847663904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.971946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30329.876543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45021.508380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42690.873482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164170.848920                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 83929.257667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131639.081158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162111.757037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79713.041065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126718.181117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162111.757037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79713.041065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126718.181117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1240807                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4037.874433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2682823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1244807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.155212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          915.351631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.130926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.245777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.072141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    81.571331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    38.617005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1630.774395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1371.107307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.223475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.398138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.334743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.985809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386321                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54041                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       635962                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       858232                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1934556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          915134                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               915134                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34520                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               34520                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        80151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                80151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       635962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       938383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2014707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386321                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54041                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       635962                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       938383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2014707                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19013                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       558269                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       474871                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1064508                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4174                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4174                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       169023                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             169023                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       558269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       643894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1233531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19013                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       558269                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       643894                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1233531                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    568325382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    365596411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19007387828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25711469444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    45652779065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    210510397                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    210510397                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12619070937                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  12619070937                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    568325382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    365596411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19007387828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38330540381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     58271850002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    568325382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    365596411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19007387828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38330540381                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    58271850002                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       405334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1194231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1333103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2999064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       915134                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           915134                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        38694                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           38694                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       249174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           249174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       405334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1194231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1582277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3248238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       405334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1194231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1582277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3248238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.186080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.467472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.354947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107872                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.107872                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.678333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.186080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.467472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.379754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.186080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.467472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.379754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29891.410193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29590.968110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34047.005705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54144.113757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42886.271465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50433.731912                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50433.731912                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74658.898120                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74658.898120                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29891.410193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29590.968110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34047.005705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59529.270937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47239.874800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29891.410193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29590.968110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34047.005705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59529.270937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47239.874800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              319129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   319129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       558265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       474871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1064457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4174                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4174                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       169023                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        169023                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       558265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       643894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1233480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       558265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       643894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1233480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    464518080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    297248817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15853962028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23086916440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39702645365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    304384857                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    304384857                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11677320947                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11677320947                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    464518080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    297248817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15853962028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34764237387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51379966312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    464518080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    297248817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15853962028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34764237387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51379966312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    255173608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    255173608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    411336274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    411336274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    666509882                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    666509882                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.185523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.467468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107872                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107872                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.678333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.185523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.467468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.379738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.185523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.467468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24444.460348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24131.256454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28398.631524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48617.238029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37298.496196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72924.019406                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72924.019406                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69087.171255                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69087.171255                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24444.460348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24131.256454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28398.631524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53990.621728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41654.478639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24444.460348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24131.256454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28398.631524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53990.621728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41654.478639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        349390                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30618.344387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1006615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        381498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.638585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8695.829904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.559770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.384170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.387482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.274014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   145.227483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    77.953306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9173.515450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12523.212807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.265376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.279953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.382178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.934398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17323                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       475822                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       290910                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 795289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          319129                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               319129                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          852                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 852                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        59507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                59507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       475822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       350417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  854796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17323                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       475822                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       350417                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 854796                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1680                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1084                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82443                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       183961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               269168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3801                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3801                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       109037                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             109037                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       292998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                378205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1680                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82443                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       292998                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               378205                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157732878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    101610758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7711320858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17161756516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    25132421010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113446756                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    113446756                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10305585271                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10305585271                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157732878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    101610758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7711320858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27467341787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     35438006281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157732878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    101610758                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7711320858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27467341787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    35438006281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       558265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       474871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1064457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       319129                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           319129                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4653                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4653                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       168544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           168544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       558265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       643415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1233001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       558265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       643415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1233001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.387392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.252869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816892                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.816892                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.646935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.646935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.306735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.306735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93888.617857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93736.861624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93535.180161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93290.189312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93370.761049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29846.555117                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29846.555117                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94514.570935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94514.570935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93888.617857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93736.861624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93535.180161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93745.833716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93700.522947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93888.617857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93736.861624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93535.180161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93745.833716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93700.522947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              137374                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   137374                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       183961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          269168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3801                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       109037                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        109037                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       292998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           378205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       292998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          378205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    134162027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     86400780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6549747713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14573804309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21344114829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    271700644                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271700644                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8759900688                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8759900688                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    134162027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     86400780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6549747713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23333704997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30104015517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    134162027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     86400780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6549747713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23333704997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30104015517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    227631981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    227631981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    367040761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    367040761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    594672742                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    594672742                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.387392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816892                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.816892                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.646935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.306735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79858.349405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79705.516605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.771175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79222.249874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79296.628236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71481.358590                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71481.358590                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80338.790392                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80338.790392                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79858.349405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79705.516605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.771175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79637.762022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79597.084959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79858.349405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79705.516605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.771175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79637.762022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79597.084959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30011                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        431                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                89274445                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1200                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061469                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12616                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2524064                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 86750381                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4531                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           8085                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 486                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1194229                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12182978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1194741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.197171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12174699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12174699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12174699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12174699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12174699                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12174699                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1338396                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1338396                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1338396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1338396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1338396                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1338396                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  34536110034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34536110034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  34536110034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  34536110034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  34536110034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  34536110034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13513095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13513095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13513095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13513095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13513095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13513095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25804.104341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25804.104341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25804.104341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25804.104341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25804.104341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25804.104341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4067621                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            119                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34181.689076                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       144159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       144159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       144159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       144159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       144159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       144159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1194237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1194237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1194237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1194237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1194237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1194237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25832080045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25832080045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25832080045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25832080045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25832080045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25832080045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21630.614396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21630.614396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21630.614396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21630.614396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21630.614396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21630.614396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        68451                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.683061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        349166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        68466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.099845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002265088300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.683061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.980191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.980191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348779                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       348779                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       348779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348779                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       348779                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71601                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        71601                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        71601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71601                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        71601                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1160294565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1160294565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1160294565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1160294565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1160294565                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1160294565                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       420380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       420380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       420380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       420380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       420380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       420380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16205.005028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16205.005028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16205.005028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16205.005028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16205.005028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16205.005028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        10175                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        10175                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    926071495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    926071495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    926071495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    926071495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    926071495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    926071495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12933.778788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12933.778788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12933.778788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12933.778788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12933.778788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12933.778788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       414641                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.858679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1786485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       414657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.308344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.858679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.991167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.991167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1785907                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1785907                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1785907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1785907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1785907                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1785907                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417763                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       417763                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       417763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417763                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       417763                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6118616896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6118616896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6118616896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6118616896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6118616896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6118616896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2203670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2203670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2203670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2203670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2203670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2203670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14646.143617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14646.143617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14646.143617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14646.143617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14646.143617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14646.143617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       119886                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       119886                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       417763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       417763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       417763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4775112420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4775112420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4775112420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4775112420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4775112420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4775112420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11430.194680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11430.194680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11430.194680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11430.194680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11430.194680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11430.194680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1583223                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.647518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24199209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1583735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.279835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001859527300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.647518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15486539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15486539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8663998                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8663998                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24150537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24150537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24150537                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24150537                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2265463                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2265463                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       290436                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       290436                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2555899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2555899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2555899                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2555899                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89849157647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89849157647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15487736630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15487736630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105336894277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 105336894277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105336894277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 105336894277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17752002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17752002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8954434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8954434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26706436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26706436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26706436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26706436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39660.395092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39660.395092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53325.815774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53325.815774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41213.246015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41213.246015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41213.246015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41213.246015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       785073                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           785073                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       929461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       929461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       933056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       933056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       933056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       933056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1336002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1336002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       286841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       286841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1622843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1622843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1622843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1622843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37655868001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37655868001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14323850141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14323850141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51979718142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51979718142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51979718142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51979718142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    266225737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    266225737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    427594159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    427594159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    693819896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    693819896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28185.487747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28185.487747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49936.550706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49936.550706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32030.035032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32030.035032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32030.035032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32030.035032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               237904281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18569618                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18569618                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2058219                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14391599                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10204050                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     64752336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87596997                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18569618                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10204050                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27406547                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8546111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2101879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      90602713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        27354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       298575                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          839                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13513179                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1284671                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          31713                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    191514978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.834665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.263660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       165005538     86.16%     86.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1564819      0.82%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1551267      0.81%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2394189      1.25%     89.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2231172      1.17%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1823111      0.95%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1841417      0.96%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1915474      1.00%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13187991      6.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    191514978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.078055                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.368203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        67509562                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     91891580                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24388801                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1400300                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6324735                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     155571548                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6324735                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        69808282                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       68371839                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13991487                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23324668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9693967                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     150812486                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       132392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2781809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5865463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       200783                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    168848373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    392355044                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    390671740                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1683304                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    120697473                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        48151021                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       418331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       418846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21315704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     24994633                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12038974                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3763940                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2293867                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         144086569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       510027                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        131265137                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       418885                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35830263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     56099264                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       168600                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    191514978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.685404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.335776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    135531228     70.77%     70.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21366137     11.16%     81.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14798393      7.73%     89.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8154685      4.26%     93.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5836197      3.05%     96.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3267805      1.71%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1868907      0.98%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       592104      0.31%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        99522      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    191514978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         274803     42.44%     42.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6349      0.98%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        243904     37.67%     81.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122502     18.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       884793      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     96230539     73.31%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       430285      0.33%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22748317     17.33%     91.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10971203      8.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     131265137                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.551756                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             647558                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    454635963                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    179615189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126952010                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1115919                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       897036                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       516362                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     130472126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         555776                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4392016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6443442                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        39354                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        90914                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3082750                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        23785                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6324735                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       50275997                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       778111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144596596                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1326408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24994633                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12038974                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       482516                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        365088                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        29146                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        90914                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       987838                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1276981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2264819                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128996323                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22162227                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2268814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32917895                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14001444                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10755668                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.542219                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             127740209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            127468372                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         86610029                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        140151353                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.535797                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.617975                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     38077576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       341427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2095814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    185238054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.575003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.619567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    151000413     81.52%     81.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13682864      7.39%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4915243      2.65%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5450637      2.94%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2232817      1.21%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1230563      0.66%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       708939      0.38%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       823169      0.44%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5193409      2.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    185238054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     59067045                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     106512433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27507433                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18551205                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10379                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12309365                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409578                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        105969633                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5193409                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           324499613                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          295534070                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 957782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               46389303                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            47740112                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           59067045                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            106512433                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     59067045                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.027699                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.027699                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.248281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.248281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       261414362                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      140811677                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           851342                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          444957                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       62717467                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        390607                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2105008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       368272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302680072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49035180                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355223212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302680072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302680072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49835                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34148290                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42050157                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       263126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        46034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37835009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7763032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45926358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4684294                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4808736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       160976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10716695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22130112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3871672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3182098994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          515510638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3734489086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3182098994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3182098994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     82549019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            523919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         359003612                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            442076551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     82709996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11240614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22130112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3871672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3182098994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         874514250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4176565637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30011                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       431                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  431                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               89274445                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1200                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061469                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12616                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                86750381                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2524064                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          8085                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4531                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                266                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      285645186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28606411                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53472137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53038646                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390246                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4482657                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53038646                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390246                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137555492                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60193882                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12432126                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7756595                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4675531                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             222940355.079022                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62704830.920978                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.219520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.780480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
