
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56817                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   101115                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31299473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529459                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        942260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    427222490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    228422503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              975348726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    427222490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         427880768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    427222490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    228422503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1280789767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.622864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001365703000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.622864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.601429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.601429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248144824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248144824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249092824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249092824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249092824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249092824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176239.221591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176239.221591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174190.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174190.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174190.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174190.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1687400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10816.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231178800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231178800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231847400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231847400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231847400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231847400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164189.488636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164189.488636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162131.048951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162131.048951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162131.048951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162131.048951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1616                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1464.613530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.135520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           47.397494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.429998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.448831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.610488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.055625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.946116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1008.788459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    376.936528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.023143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.001196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.492572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.184051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.715143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2487                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4011                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             350                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  350                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2487                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          934                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3437                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2451                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3674                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3210202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       647158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213577756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88650452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306085568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24152222                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24152222                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3210202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       647158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213577756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112802674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       330237790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3210202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       647158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213577756                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112802674                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      330237790                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.665129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.461466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.854545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.855596                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.665129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.475599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.665129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.475599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94417.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92451.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87139.027336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94914.830835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89056.027931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102775.412766                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101908.109705                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94417.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92451.142857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87139.027336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96495.016253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89885.081655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94417.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92451.142857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87139.027336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96495.016253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89885.081655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3023938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       608858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199968234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83526709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287127739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22849249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22849249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3023938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       608858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199968234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106375958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    309976988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3023938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       608858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199968234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106375958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    309976988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3823014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3823014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7506425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7506425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11329439                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11329439                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.665129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.854545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.848375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.665129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.473916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.665129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.473916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88939.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86979.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81586.386781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89429.024625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83808.446877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97230.846809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97230.846809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88939.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86979.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81586.386781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90997.397776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84670.032232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88939.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86979.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81586.386781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90997.397776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84670.032232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1825.966791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            6.256443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.528238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.250830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1259.134065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    520.797308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          124                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              53                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   53                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          504                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    635                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2804                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1947                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3039                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2854232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185238207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78449811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      267115708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22011375                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22011375                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2854232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185238207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100461186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       289127083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2854232                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573458                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185238207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100461186                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      289127083                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.794370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.867238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.815828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991489                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.991561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.794370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.892216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.827164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.794370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.892216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.827164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95141.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95576.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95140.322034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96851.618519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95262.378031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94469.420601                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93665.425532                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95141.066667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95576.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95140.322034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96319.449664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95138.888779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95141.066667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95576.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95140.322034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96319.449664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95138.888779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2438132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157870500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67110854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227908878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18694038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18694038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2438132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157870500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85804892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246602916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2438132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157870500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85804892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246602916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3402206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3402206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6719522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6719522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10121728                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10121728                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.794370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.867238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.794370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.892216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.823625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.794370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.892216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81271.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81565.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81083.975347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82852.906173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81600.027927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80231.922747                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80231.922747                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81271.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81565.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81083.975347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82267.394056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81494.684732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81271.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81565.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81083.975347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82267.394056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81494.684732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3176                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.667090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.061713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369079300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.023984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.643105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22908                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22894                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22908                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4384                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4384                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    296015463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    296015463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    296015463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    296015463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    296015463                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    296015463                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67521.775319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67475.601322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67521.775319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67475.601322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67521.775319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67475.601322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231476292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231476292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231476292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231476292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231476292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231476292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62798.776994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62798.776994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62798.776994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62798.776994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62798.776994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62798.776994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           76                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.457476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           76                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.252499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.204977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          213                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1796881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1796881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1796881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1796881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1796881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1796881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.292359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.292359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.292359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21139.776471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20419.102273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21139.776471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20419.102273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21139.776471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20419.102273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18047.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18047.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18047.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18047.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18047.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18047.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2512                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.881883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.081608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.836077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          317                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          317                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2523                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2523                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31010554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31010554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31010554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31010554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31010554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31010554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.888616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.888616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.888616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12291.143084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12261.982602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12291.143084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12261.982602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12291.143084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12261.982602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23252172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23252172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23252172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23252172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23252172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23252172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9216.080856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9216.080856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9216.080856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9216.080856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9216.080856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9216.080856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   910                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               422.035302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   17060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.747253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001439315300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.271654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   418.763647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.817898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.824288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29368                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29369                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15614                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15617                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44982                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44986                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2244                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2537                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    193260730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193260730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27190326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27190326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220451056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220451056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220451056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220451056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018663                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86200.147190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86123.319964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92170.596610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91549.919192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86894.385495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86757.597796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86894.385495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86757.597796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          350                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              350                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93720393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93720393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25178379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25178379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118898772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118898772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118898772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118898772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3989667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3989667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7793195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7793195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11782862                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11782862                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017852                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017846                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81923.420455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81923.420455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88656.264085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88656.264085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83262.445378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83262.445378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83262.445378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83262.445378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  779375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41224                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41224                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6304                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30321                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16392                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                195198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41224                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16392                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                57803                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        149202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          350                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27278                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3843                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             23                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       399991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.908300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.384906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          343372     85.84%     85.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2774      0.69%     86.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2090      0.52%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2861      0.72%     87.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4510      1.13%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4108      1.03%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5419      1.35%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2175      0.54%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32682      8.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       399991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.250455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          170784                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       156499                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51152                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18227                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        349295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18227                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          175271                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85497                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12581                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        332233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          137                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       367608                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       828136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       828046                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       231407                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          136194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          991                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          991                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        42825                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24347                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2137                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1114                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            309052                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1676                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           276555                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1500                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        99296                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       146195                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          838                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       399991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.691403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.457422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       297824     74.46%     74.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33527      8.38%     82.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21340      5.34%     88.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17715      4.43%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12047      3.01%     95.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9139      2.28%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5908      1.48%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2056      0.51%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          435      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       399991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            678     46.86%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           403     27.85%     74.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          366     25.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2964      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       214564     77.58%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38074     13.77%     92.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20943      7.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        276555                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.354842                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1447                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005232                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       956951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       410114                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       263537                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        275024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15491                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8393                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           35                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18227                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73694                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       310728                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        42825                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24347                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1210                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6185                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       268411                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36062                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               55985                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27733                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19923                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.344393                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                264281                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               263546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           173779                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           275967                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.338150                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629709                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       107006                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          838                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6351                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       381835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.489773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       313603     82.13%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24572      6.44%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12581      3.29%     91.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10622      2.78%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6247      1.64%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3468      0.91%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1841      0.48%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2463      0.65%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6438      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       381835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111132                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        203719                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43288                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27334                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22704                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           201871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              685983                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             639801                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2517                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 379384                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96478                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               203719                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.013057                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.013057                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.142591                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.142591                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          522594                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         289989                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         116223                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           676                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.099840                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 99839614779                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15101672578965                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26787                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48856                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29779999                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3352.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89804122                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163792658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1131008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5991872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19370496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28325888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5991872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5991872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11879872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11879872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        93623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       302664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               442592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         185623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              185623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     16533397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11328249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1042953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       778208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     60014975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    194016133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              283713915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60014975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          60014975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        118989562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             118989562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        118989562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     16533397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11328249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1042953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       778208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     60014975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    194016133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             402703477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44895                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.369603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.609693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.759910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.288106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.609994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.898100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                58                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              61                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 61                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             61                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                61                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2558                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17679                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43599                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19832                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    125572304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143226304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4567357760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1701078000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6268435760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4585011760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1826650304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6411662064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4585011760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1826650304                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6411662064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.973768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.977829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999830                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43590.123457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 58324.339991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55991.518374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176209.790123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96220.261327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143774.759972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174169.487559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92106.207342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138909.852547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174169.487559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92106.207342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138909.852547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32239100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2888                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11163.123269                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42969                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42969                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12542400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     98927600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4254988320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1487625700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5742614020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4267530720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1586553300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5854084020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4267530720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1586553300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5854084020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.973768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30968.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45948.722712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43577.013292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164158.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84146.484530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131714.351705                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162109.429060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79999.662162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126829.820396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162109.429060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79999.662162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126829.820396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1783024                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2009.485910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2169136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1785010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.215195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15001855799700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          385.425292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.138982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    60.155738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    24.012802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    844.979299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    694.773447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.188196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.412588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.339245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       358234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       398927                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       689362                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1490068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          887951                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               887951                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        51241                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               51241                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        37826                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                37826                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       358234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       398927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       727188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1527894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       358234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       398927                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       727188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1527894                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        44755                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21508                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       788499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       713833                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1568595                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4322                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4322                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             191711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        44755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       788499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       905544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1760306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        44755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21508                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       788499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       905544                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1760306                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1152972383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    588067517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25126607438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32185529401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    59053176739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    181960370                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    181960370                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13419090255                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13419090255                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1152972383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    588067517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25126607438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45604619656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     72472266994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1152972383                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    588067517                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25126607438                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45604619656                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    72472266994                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1187426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1403195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3058663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       887951                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           887951                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        55563                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           55563                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       229537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           229537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1187426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1632732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3288200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1187426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1632732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3288200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.111058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.330623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.664041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.512837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077786                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.077786                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.835207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.111058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.330623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.664041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.554619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.535340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.111058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.330623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.664041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.554619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.535340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25761.867568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27341.803840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31866.378319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45088.318137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37647.178997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42100.964831                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42100.964831                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69996.454324                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69996.454324                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25761.867568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27341.803840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31866.378319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50361.572332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41170.266416                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25761.867568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27341.803840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31866.378319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50361.572332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41170.266416                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              451100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   451100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        44732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       788494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       713833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1568507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4322                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4322                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       191711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        191711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        44732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       788494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       905544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1760218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        44732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       788494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       905544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1760218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    908494038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    469497383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20670498991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28248242355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50296732767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291347068                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    291347068                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12349721667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12349721667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    908494038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    469497383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20670498991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40597964022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62646454434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    908494038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    469497383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20670498991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40597964022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  62646454434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    257618935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    257618935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    414705337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    414705337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    672324272                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    672324272                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.111001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.329700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.664036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077786                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077786                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.835207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.111001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.329700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.664036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.554619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.535314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.111001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.329700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.664036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.554619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.535314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20309.712018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21890.030912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26215.163325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39572.620424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32066.629455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67410.242480                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67410.242480                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64418.430174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64418.430174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20309.712018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21890.030912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26215.163325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44832.679607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35590.168055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20309.712018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21890.030912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26215.163325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44832.679607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35590.168055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        372337                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30946.382948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1621698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        404607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.008082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8628.677111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.128764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.267790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.867051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.264993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   142.066333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    88.500084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9657.730040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12423.880783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.263326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.294731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.379147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.944409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        43105                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       694868                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       521867                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1280074                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          451100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               451100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1187                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1187                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        78815                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                78815                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        43105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       694868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       600682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1358889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        43105                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       694868                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       600682                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1358889                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1627                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               288433                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3530                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3530                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112501                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112501                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       304467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                400934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1627                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       304467                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               400934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152633046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113802092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8755733339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17909093136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26931261613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121952814                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    121952814                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10640449169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10640449169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152633046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113802092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8755733339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28549542305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37571710782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152633046                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113802092                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8755733339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28549542305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37571710782                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        44732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       788494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       713833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1568507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       451100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           451100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4717                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4717                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       191316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           191316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        44732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       788494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       905149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1759823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        44732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       788494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       905149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1759823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.183890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.748357                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.748357                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.588038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.588038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.227826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.227826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93812.566687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93741.426689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93518.182332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93293.047394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93370.944424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34547.539377                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34547.539377                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94580.929672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94580.929672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93812.566687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93741.426689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93518.182332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93768.921771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93710.463024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93812.566687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93741.426689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93518.182332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93768.921771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93710.463024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              142656                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   142656                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       191966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          288433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3530                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3530                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           400934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          400934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    129813685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96769110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7436253642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15207774645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22870611082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    249203871                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249203871                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9043621331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9043621331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    129813685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96769110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7436253642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24251395976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31914232413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    129813685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96769110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7436253642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24251395976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31914232413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    229747798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    229747798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    369906083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    369906083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    599653881                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    599653881                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.748357                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.748357                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.588038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.588038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.227826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79787.145052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79710.963756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.091769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79221.188361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79292.629768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70595.997450                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70595.997450                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80387.030613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80387.030613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79787.145052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79710.963756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.091769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79651.968772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79599.715696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79787.145052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79710.963756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.091769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79651.968772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79599.715696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                85058261                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12029                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2409064                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 82649197                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4327                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7702                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 497                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1187427                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12219936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1187939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.286670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12212192                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12212192                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12212192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12212192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12212192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12212192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1348703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1348703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1348703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1348703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1348703                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1348703                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39314147800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39314147800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39314147800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  39314147800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39314147800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  39314147800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13560895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13560895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13560895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13560895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13560895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13560895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29149.596168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29149.596168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29149.596168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29149.596168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29149.596168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29149.596168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4960301                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            148                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33515.547297                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       161269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       161269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       161269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       161269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       161269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       161269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1187434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1187434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1187434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1187434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1187434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1187434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29790408760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29790408760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29790408760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29790408760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29790408760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29790408760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25088.054376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25088.054376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25088.054376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25088.054376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25088.054376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25088.054376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        66858                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.710622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        346380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        66873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.179669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002279584300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.710622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.981914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.981914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       345846                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       345846                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       345846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       345846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       345846                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       345846                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        69995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        69995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        69995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1243893002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1243893002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1243893002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1243893002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1243893002                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1243893002                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       415841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       415841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       415841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       415841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       415841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       415841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17771.169398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17771.169398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17771.169398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17771.169398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17771.169398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17771.169398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7215                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7215                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1011753050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011753050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1011753050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011753050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1011753050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011753050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14454.647475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14454.647475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14454.647475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14454.647475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14454.647475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14454.647475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       411528                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.874358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1757048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       411544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.269405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.874358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.992147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.992147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1756667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1756667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1756667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1756667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1756667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1756667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414654                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       414654                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       414654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414654                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       414654                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6371045731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6371045731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6371045731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6371045731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6371045731                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6371045731                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2171321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2171321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2171321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2171321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2171321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2171321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15364.727534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15364.727534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15364.727534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15364.727534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15364.727534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15364.727534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       139258                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       139258                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       414654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       414654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       414654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5028058595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5028058595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5028058595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5028058595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5028058595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5028058595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12125.913641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12125.913641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12125.913641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12125.913641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12125.913641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12125.913641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1633032                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.972823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24399408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1633544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.936487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.112179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.860644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15500633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15500633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8809223                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8809223                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24309856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24309856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24309856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24309856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2394654                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2394654                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       286723                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       286723                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2681377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2681377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2681377                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2681377                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100960386087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100960386087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15934360831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15934360831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 116894746918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 116894746918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 116894746918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 116894746918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17895287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17895287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9095946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9095946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26991233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26991233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26991233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26991233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42160.740586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42160.740586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55574.058694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55574.058694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43595.043486                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43595.043486                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43595.043486                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43595.043486                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       741478                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           741478                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       989775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       989775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       992224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       992224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       992224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       992224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1404879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1404879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       284274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       284274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1689153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1689153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1689153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1689153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44061577459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44061577459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14795013403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14795013403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58856590862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58856590862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58856590862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58856590862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    268739289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    268739289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    430951085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430951085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    699690374                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    699690374                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031253                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031253                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31363.254386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31363.254386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52044.905278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52044.905278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34843.848285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34843.848285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34843.848285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34843.848285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               255720132                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18775922                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18775922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2057938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14704715                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10296076                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     65804189                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              88432098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18775922                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10296076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27655431                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8485991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2144545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      97446668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        27468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       297490                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1142                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13561008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1275073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          30403                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    199645285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.808237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.232687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       172899257     86.60%     86.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1563987      0.78%     87.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1554678      0.78%     88.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2456791      1.23%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2238659      1.12%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1829748      0.92%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1844381      0.92%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1914925      0.96%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13342859      6.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    199645285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.073424                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.345816                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        68632921                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     98724454                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24563222                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1456336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6268352                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     157030654                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          482                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6268352                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        70994357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       74581674                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     14045593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23486700                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     10268609                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     152276769                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       162457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3110320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      6030465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       226858                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170821660                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    395853898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    394165865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1688033                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123089984                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47731798                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       418739                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       417963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         22314379                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25123249                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12126188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3633602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2231147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145655109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       510590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        132980175                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       439278                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35458460                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     55299021                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       167260                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    199645285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.666082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    142444751     71.35%     71.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22381306     11.21%     82.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14906603      7.47%     90.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8218997      4.12%     94.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5784970      2.90%     97.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3275698      1.64%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1925389      0.96%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       602600      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       104971      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    199645285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         292491     43.67%     43.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     43.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     43.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6296      0.94%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        245652     36.67%     81.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125394     18.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       878698      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97675394     73.45%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       430194      0.32%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22907966     17.23%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11087923      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     132980175                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.520022                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             669833                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005037                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466228957                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180803633                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128682976                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1116344                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       901963                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       517311                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     132215033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         556277                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4423194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6386741                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        40323                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        86889                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3028425                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        24011                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6268352                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       53895641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       921617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146165699                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1264971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25123249                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12126188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       483443                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        437402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        30186                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        86889                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991895                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1273057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2264952                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    130723629                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22336717                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2256546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33211238                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14249878                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10874521                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.511198                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             129472316                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            129200287                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87667809                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        141847694                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.505241                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.618042                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37775008                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343330                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2095739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    193424660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.560362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.603198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158661920     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13854305      7.16%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5004301      2.59%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5536597      2.86%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2275056      1.18%     95.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1215730      0.63%     96.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       721780      0.37%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       834134      0.43%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5320837      2.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    193424660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60109303                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108387886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27834286                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18736518                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12553538                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409515                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        107841954                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5320837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           334131780                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          298622990                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1090093                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               56074847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            44098407                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60109303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108387886                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60109303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.254252                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.254252                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.235059                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.235059                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       265206723                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      143103808                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           852720                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          445138                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63458383                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        392393                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2099144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       357312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302922776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49087090                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355500994                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302922776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302922776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34171876                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42073845                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       262393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        44664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37865347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7771070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45962624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4687758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4812195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       152805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10210536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     21025161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3578860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3034093998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          491659449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3560720810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3034093998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3034093998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     78646457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            500172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         342267707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            421414336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     78799262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          10710708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     21025161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3578860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3034093998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         833927156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3982135146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               85058261                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12029                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                82649197                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2409064                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7702                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4327                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                284                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      299819305                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28629479                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53518934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53085278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390246                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4486307                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53085278                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390246                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137674594                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60247172                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12443749                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7764685                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4679064                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             237060392.228226                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62758912.771774                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.209322                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.790678                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
