
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  93420                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   166585                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50921053                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535760                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        75456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        79744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              297216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        73792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            73792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    258382635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    463072526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    273065957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1017751448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    463072526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         463291680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        252684630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             252684630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        252684630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    258382635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    463072526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    273065957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1270436077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1179                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.670467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614563000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.670467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.541904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.541904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1190                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1190                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1209                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215029848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    215029848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215828848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    215828848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215828848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    215828848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42052.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42052.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180697.351261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180697.351261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178518.484698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178518.484698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178518.484698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178518.484698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1233100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10025.203252                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1160                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1160                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    200871784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200871784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201438584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201438584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201438584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201438584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29831.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29831.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168799.818487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168799.818487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166615.867659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166615.867659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166615.867659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166615.867659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1557                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1440.214355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.094412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           79.432253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.975931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.981676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.566480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    27.918574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.156892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    931.956781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    386.225768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.019393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.227529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.351615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1613                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1613                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          574                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7989200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230503027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102775221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      344212226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32595506                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32595506                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7989200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230503027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135370727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       376807732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7989200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944778                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230503027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135370727                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      376807732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.446061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.142857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.798005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.462253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.462253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91829.885057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101544.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90322.502743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99878.737609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92804.590456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102180.269592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101860.956250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91829.885057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101544.068966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90322.502743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100423.387982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93523.884835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91829.885057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101544.068966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90322.502743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100423.387982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93523.884835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7513145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2785339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216343268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97128350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323770102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        44622                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        44622                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30824562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30824562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7513145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2785339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216343268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127952912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    354594664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7513145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2785339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216343268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127952912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354594664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7061441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7061441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10246416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10246416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.795511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.460762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86357.988506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96046.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84774.007837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94391.010690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87576.440898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        22311                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        22311                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96628.721003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96628.721003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86357.988506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96046.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84774.007837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94920.557864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88295.484064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86357.988506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96046.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84774.007837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94920.557864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88295.484064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1791.366555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           16.307557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.504133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.049300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1191.970565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    529.535135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    562                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          937                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1247                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3466                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6983510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2640339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202367536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92291479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      304282864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29543875                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29543875                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6983510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2640339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202367536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121835354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       333826739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6983510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2640339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202367536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121835354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      333826739                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.910593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.850634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.974922                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.860477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.860477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102698.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105613.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95772.615239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98496.775880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96444.647861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95302.822581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94996.382637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102698.676471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105613.560000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95772.615239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97702.769848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96314.696769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102698.676471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105613.560000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95772.615239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97702.769848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96314.696769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6038368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2293427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172686980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79218918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260237693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25138867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25138867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6038368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2293427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172686980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104357785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    285376560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6038368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2293427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172686980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104357785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    285376560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.910593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.857249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88799.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91737.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81725.972551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84545.270011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82799.138721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81093.119355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81093.119355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88799.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91737.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81725.972551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.076985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82645.977411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88799.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91737.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81725.972551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.076985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82645.977411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3653                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               429.524466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.940323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598708640300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.032893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   429.491574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.838851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.838915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25523                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    321759109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321759109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    321759109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    321759109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    321759109                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    321759109                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65705.352052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65691.937321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65705.352052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65691.937321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65705.352052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65691.937321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    252409806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252409806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    252409806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252409806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    252409806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252409806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60602.594478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60602.594478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60602.594478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60602.594478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60602.594478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60602.594478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          101                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.216839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.039604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598750749300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.082053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.701052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          441                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          441                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4249729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4249729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4249729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4249729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4249729                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4249729                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37278.324561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36322.470085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37278.324561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36322.470085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37278.324561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36322.470085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3881599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3881599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3881599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3881599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3881599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3881599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34049.114035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34049.114035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34049.114035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34049.114035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34049.114035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34049.114035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2493                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.911183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.277978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619784300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.822897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.088286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36419142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36419142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36419142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36419142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36419142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36419142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.769939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.769939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14550.196564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14509.618327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14550.196564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14509.618327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14550.196564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14509.618327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28676277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28676277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28676277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28676277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28676277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28676277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11456.762685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11456.762685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11456.762685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11456.762685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11456.762685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11456.762685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1431                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               365.417926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.317959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.576245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   364.841680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.712581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.713707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17319                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17320                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48657                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2742                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2743                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          426                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215943611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215943611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36977593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36977593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252921204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252921204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252921204                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252921204                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78754.052152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78725.341232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87006.101176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86801.861502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79861.447427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79811.045756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79861.447427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79811.045756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111494541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111494541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34490513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34490513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145985054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145985054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145985054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145985054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7328075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7328075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652765                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652765                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73255.283180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73255.283180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83310.417874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83310.417874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75405.503099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75405.503099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75405.503099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75405.503099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44162                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6951                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32241                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17723                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       203106                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62321                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          384                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30411                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4248                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             80                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       455064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.862206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.334364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          394073     86.60%     86.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2762      0.61%     87.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2471      0.54%     87.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3263      0.72%     88.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4887      1.07%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3791      0.83%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5688      1.25%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2797      0.61%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35332      7.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       455064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240085                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          200397                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20517                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        377061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20517                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          205460                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        358618                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       395298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       896981                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       896827                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242840                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152458                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1033                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1028                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            35985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47275                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27507                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296283                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       167105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          856                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       455064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.651080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.424069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       345024     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36742      8.07%     83.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23548      5.17%     89.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17929      3.94%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12844      2.82%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9725      2.14%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6546      1.44%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2267      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          439      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       455064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            743     47.97%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           419     27.05%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     24.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3242      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228195     77.02%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41382     13.97%     92.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23454      7.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296283                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337991                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1549                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005228                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1051828                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       447301                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17893                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9715                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20517                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       335644                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47275                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27507                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1341                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8074                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287764                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39238                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29506                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22405                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328273                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282506                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185812                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295745                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322275                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628285                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120163                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6998                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       434636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       360759     83.00%     83.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27311      6.28%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13701      3.15%     92.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11623      2.67%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6825      1.57%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3330      0.77%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1966      0.45%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2773      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6348      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       434636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117083                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47174                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29382                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23869                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213603                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              763831                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             692024                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 421535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215523                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.486988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.486988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558388                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         308295                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126154                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.014287                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5014286842851                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12613349996361                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22925                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    39997                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               78374893                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4991180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 63978.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1466731626                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2558949782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3188736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       584384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     44056256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    221302848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           272123648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     44056256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       44056256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    124742592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        124742592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        49824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       688379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      3457857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              4251932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1949103                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1949103                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       635930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                2642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       593938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       116544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      8786146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     44134461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               54269661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      8786146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           8786146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         24877434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              24877434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         24877434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       635930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               2642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       593938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       116544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      8786146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     44134461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              79147096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    50910                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.177941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    50922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.002946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.672627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.505315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.292039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.594082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.886121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            21                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               21                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             70                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                70                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          779                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49856                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          50141                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            51142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50635                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          507                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           51142                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     32374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet     10135044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42509044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9003614768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     21650000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9025264768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9035988768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     31785044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9067773812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9035988768                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     31785044                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9067773812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          1050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          51212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         51212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.953333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41558.408216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45653.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42466.577423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180592.401476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75964.912281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179997.701841                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178453.416965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62692.394477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177305.811505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178453.416965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62692.394477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177305.811505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     58878000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5767                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10209.467661                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          50042                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               50042                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        50141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     22874300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30253300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8402897504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     18145700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8421043204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8425771804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25524700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8451296504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8425771804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25524700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8451296504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29363.671374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33238.738739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30223.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168543.354942                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 63669.122807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167947.252827                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166402.129041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50344.575937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165251.583904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166402.129041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50344.575937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165251.583904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          779                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3190784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          779                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      20983148                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3287.893787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        56756809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      20986467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.704448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          695.882881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    47.068399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    16.443247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    966.221601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1562.277598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.169893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.235894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.381415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.802708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22464651                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1705079                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7005619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14530962                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               45706311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        14833620                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             14833620                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1114730                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1114730                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3707479                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              3707479                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22464651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1705079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7005619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     18238441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                49413790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22464651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1705079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7005619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     18238441                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               49413790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       845767                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       281097                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5344484                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10725714                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             17197062                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16325                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16325                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3205337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3205337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       845767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       281097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5344484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13931051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              20402399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       845767                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       281097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5344484                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13931051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             20402399                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22068712269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6882491667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 171456066536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 393537115507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   593944385979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    154537502                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    154537502                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191081024236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 191081024236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22068712269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6882491667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 171456066536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 584618139743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    785025410215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22068712269                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6882491667                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 171456066536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 584618139743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   785025410215                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23310418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1986176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12350103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25256676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           62903373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     14833620                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         14833620                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1131055                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1131055                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6912816                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          6912816                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23310418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1986176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12350103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32169492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            69816189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23310418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1986176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12350103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32169492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           69816189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.432748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.273389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014433                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.014433                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.463680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.432748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.292230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.432748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.292230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26093.134716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24484.400997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32080.939252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36690.994698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34537.549843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9466.309464                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9466.309464                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59613.396107                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59613.396107                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26093.134716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24484.400997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32080.939252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41965.113741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38477.112923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26093.134716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24484.400997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32080.939252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41965.113741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38477.112923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             6782278                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  6782278                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       845503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       280880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5344477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10725682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17196542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16325                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16325                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3205337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3205337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       845503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       280880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5344477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13931019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         20401879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       845503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       280880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5344477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13931019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        20401879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17482421331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5319144289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 141153246229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 333538379519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 497493191368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    696711072                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    696711072                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 173180554539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 173180554539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17482421331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5319144289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 141153246229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 506718934058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 670673745907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17482421331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5319144289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 141153246229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 506718934058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 670673745907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    127089490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    127089490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    355594810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    355594810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    482684300                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    482684300                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.432748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014433                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014433                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.432748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.292223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.432748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20676.947723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18937.426264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26411.049431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31097.172144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28929.838997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42677.554181                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42677.554181                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54028.813363                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54028.813363                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20676.947723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18937.426264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26411.049431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36373.429256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32873.136141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20676.947723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18937.426264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26411.049431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36373.429256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32873.136141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       4175393                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32524.427161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        19777858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       4207969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.700096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628764101581                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10916.337023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.036231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.185832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   566.660302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   134.734865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5314.547968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15591.921344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.333140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.162187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.475828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.992567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       798969                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       271749                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4656097                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8789896                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               14516711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6782278                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              6782278                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        10835                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               10835                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1682587                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1682587                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       798969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       271749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4656097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10472483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                16199298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       798969                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       271749                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4656097                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10472483                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               16199298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46534                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       688380                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1935786                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              2679831                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5613                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5613                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1522627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1522627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       688380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3458413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               4202458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46534                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       688380                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3458413                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              4202458                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4339825752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    865183068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64324632779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 181136551530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   250666193129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55556148                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     55556148                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 141370491460                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 141370491460                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4339825752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    865183068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64324632779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 322507042990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    392036684589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4339825752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    865183068                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64324632779                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 322507042990                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   392036684589                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       845503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       280880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      5344477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10725682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           17196542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6782278                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          6782278                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16448                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16448                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3205214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3205214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       845503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       280880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      5344477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13930896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            20401756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       845503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       280880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      5344477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13930896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           20401756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.128802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.180481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.155835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341257                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.341257                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475047                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.475047                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.128802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.248255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.205985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.128802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.248255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.205985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93261.394937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94752.279926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93443.494551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93572.611606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93538.060097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9897.763763                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9897.763763                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92846.436757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92846.436757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93261.394937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94752.279926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93443.494551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93252.900388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93287.472377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93261.394937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94752.279926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93443.494551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93252.900388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93287.472377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1899061                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1899061                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       688380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1935786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2679831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5613                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5613                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1522627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1522627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       688380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3458413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          4202458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       688380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3458413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         4202458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3687074456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    737543998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  54616992665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153868115704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 212909726823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    436284691                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    436284691                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119536246413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 119536246413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3687074456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    737543998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  54616992665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 273404362117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 332445973236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3687074456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    737543998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  54616992665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 273404362117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 332445973236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    113370004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    113370004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    312732430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    312732430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    426102434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    426102434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.128802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.180481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341257                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341257                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.475047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.128802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.248255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.205985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.128802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.248255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79233.989255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80773.628080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.341505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79486.118664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79448.937945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77727.541600                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77727.541600                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78506.585272                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78506.585272                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79233.989255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80773.628080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.341505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79054.861903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79107.506425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79233.989255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80773.628080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.341505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79054.861903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79107.506425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         3864                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6532                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       136                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                       10396                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6165                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    10421                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  44                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12350168                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               353141342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12350680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.592866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353136456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      353136456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353136456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       353136456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353136456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      353136456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13349606                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13349606                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13349606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13349606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13349606                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13349606                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 341827447395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 341827447395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 341827447395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 341827447395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 341827447395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 341827447395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    366486062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    366486062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    366486062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    366486062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    366486062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    366486062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25605.807946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25605.807946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25605.807946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25605.807946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25605.807946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25605.807946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7034189                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40660.052023                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       999360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       999360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       999360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       999360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       999360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       999360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12350246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12350246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12350246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12350246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12350246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12350246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 266866384349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 266866384349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 266866384349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 266866384349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 266866384349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 266866384349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21608.183703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21608.183703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21608.183703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21608.183703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21608.183703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21608.183703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      1987027                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       6805855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1987043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.425117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6805655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      6805655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6805655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      6805655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6805655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      6805655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1987247                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1987247                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1987247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1987247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1987247                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1987247                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  33494951539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33494951539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  33494951539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  33494951539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  33494951539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  33494951539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8792902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8792902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8792902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8792902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8792902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8792902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16854.951367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16854.951367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16854.951367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16854.951367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16854.951367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16854.951367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3635                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3635                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1987247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1987247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1987247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1987247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1987247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1987247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  27195420193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27195420193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  27195420193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27195420193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  27195420193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27195420193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13684.972323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13684.972323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13684.972323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13684.972323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13684.972323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13684.972323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     23329441                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      44562259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     23329457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.910128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44561789                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     44561789                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44561789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     44561789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44561789                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     44561789                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23335844                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     23335844                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23335844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     23335844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23335844                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     23335844                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 298887976033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 298887976033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 298887976033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 298887976033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 298887976033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 298887976033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     67897633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67897633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     67897633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     67897633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     67897633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     67897633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.343692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.343692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.343692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12808.106535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12808.106535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12808.106535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12808.106535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12808.106535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12808.106535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       343400                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       343400                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23335844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23335844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23335844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23335844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23335844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23335844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 225783445944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 225783445944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 225783445944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 225783445944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 225783445944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 225783445944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9675.392325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9675.392325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9675.392325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9675.392325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9675.392325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9675.392325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              32168931                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.609793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               708015339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              32169443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.008940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.609793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    521155066                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      521155066                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    185551825                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     185551825                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    706706891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       706706891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    706706891                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      706706891                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     40130534                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     40130534                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8064691                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8064691                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     48195225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      48195225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     48195225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     48195225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1217084130406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1217084130406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 288280537851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 288280537851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1505364668257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1505364668257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1505364668257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1505364668257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    561285600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    561285600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    193616516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    193616516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    754902116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    754902116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    754902116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    754902116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30328.131951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30328.131951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35746.011577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35746.011577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31234.726433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31234.726433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31234.726433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31234.726433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     14486585                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         14486585                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14864982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     14864982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14902366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     14902366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14902366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     14902366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25265552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     25265552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8027307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8027307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     33292859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     33292859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     33292859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     33292859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 581181558427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 581181558427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 257800720218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 257800720218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 838982278645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 838982278645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 838982278645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 838982278645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    132567393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    132567393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    371573377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    371573377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    504140770                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    504140770                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041460                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041460                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23002.923444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23002.923444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32115.467892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32115.467892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25200.067037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25200.067037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25200.067037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25200.067037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              4471636736                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       431376656                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    431376656                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     46262288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    311112537                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       250238430                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1445290795                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            2390871888                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          431376656                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    250238430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            707551925                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      249920538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          64896601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1418235466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        87246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1315335                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1683                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        366486222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     22660356                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         958422                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   3839961321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.093230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.539662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      3144306506     81.88%     81.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        43257903      1.13%     83.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        42988911      1.12%     84.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        61669671      1.61%     85.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        47861219      1.25%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        57036800      1.49%     88.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        43730524      1.14%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        48175085      1.25%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       350934702      9.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   3839961321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.096470                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.534675                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1499022682                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1458798520                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        651104811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     28453038                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     202582270                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    4099532987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1672                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     202582270                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1559502659                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1172474406                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     40024139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        614002919                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    251374928                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    3985218875                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2350507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      44830711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    191665771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1866780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   4473591111                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  10035569452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  10002147028                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     33422424                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   2861519784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1612071440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1845747                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1856771                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        546947154                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    770686810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    310545217                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     54251040                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35287011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        3812863210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3388010                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       3315442563                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8448903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1249929548                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1882012687                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1423521                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   3839961321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.863405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.493210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   2489224536     64.82%     64.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    490355230     12.77%     77.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    339506488      8.84%     86.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    208050250      5.42%     91.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    143771834      3.74%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     93721426      2.44%     98.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     52674438      1.37%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     19074439      0.50%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3582680      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   3839961321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        5061910     31.61%     31.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        13969      0.09%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       6656207     41.56%     73.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4283780     26.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     22267679      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   2385957187     71.96%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5243847      0.16%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    649415643     19.59%     92.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    252558207      7.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    3315442563                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.741438                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           16015866                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  10493132594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   5049243035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3207887526                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     20252194                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     17558558                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9395810                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    3299093477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10097273                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     70877549                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    268060738                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       574480                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       649639                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    116929492                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       229769                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     202582270                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      840200322                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     18365691                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3816251220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     21798565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    770686810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    310545217                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3071431                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       7349036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2204205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       649639                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     31859147                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18051200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     49910347                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   3263051390                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    632469842                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     52391173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           880227609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       312275433                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         247757767                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.729722                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            3227199754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           3217283336                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       2257979144                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       3500956939                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.719487                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644961                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1302738477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1964489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     46412509                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   3637740850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.691504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.746258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2858975501     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    268506284      7.38%     85.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    119747425      3.29%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    146944635      4.04%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     55122479      1.52%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     32035194      0.88%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     24181069      0.66%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16899437      0.46%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    115328826      3.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   3637740850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1443473783                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    2515514006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             696241811                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            502626083                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             145171                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         263519666                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           7443513                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       2499942486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    115328826                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          7340189015                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         7839945118                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               13516427                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              631675415                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         10585107498                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1443473783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           2515514006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1443473783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.097830                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.097830                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.322807                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.322807                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      6319026820                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     3585438732                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          8980233                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         6898384                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1564651004                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1744194                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            9412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       624144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       265712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       234312288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        39176874                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          274390862                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    234312288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     234312288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         6744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     28033665                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        29289689                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        78018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        33214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         29289036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          6109743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            35510620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3784844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3804647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       124473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           46728936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7813050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              54721812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      46728936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         46728936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5590758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5841247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              3222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       124473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          46728936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          13403808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             60563059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6532                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        3864                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      136                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                      10396                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   10421                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6165                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 53                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15057919878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  22185702                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    41535824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            41373887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                32898                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3339145                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   41373887                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       32898                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         107364819                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         47770666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              49571                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             20654                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     9920740                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   6127037                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3793703                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15009271307.325735                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             48648570.674263                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003231                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996769                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
