
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 104473                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   186294                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56945418                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535760                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        75456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        79744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              297216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        73792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            73792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    258382635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    463072526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    273065957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1017751448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    463072526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         463291680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        252684630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             252684630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        252684630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    258382635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    463072526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    273065957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1270436077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1179                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.670467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614563000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.670467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.541904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.541904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1190                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1190                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1209                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215029848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    215029848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215828848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    215828848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215828848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    215828848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42052.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42052.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180697.351261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180697.351261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178518.484698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178518.484698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178518.484698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178518.484698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1233100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10025.203252                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1160                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1160                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    200871784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200871784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201438584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201438584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201438584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201438584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29831.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29831.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168799.818487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168799.818487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166615.867659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166615.867659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166615.867659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166615.867659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1557                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1440.214355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.094412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           79.432253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.975931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.981676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.566480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    27.918574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.156892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    931.956781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    386.225768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.019393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.227529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.351615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1613                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1613                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          574                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7989200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230503027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102775221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      344212226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32595506                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32595506                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7989200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230503027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135370727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       376807732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7989200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944778                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230503027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135370727                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      376807732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.446061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.142857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.798005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.462253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.462253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91829.885057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101544.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90322.502743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99878.737609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92804.590456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102180.269592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101860.956250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91829.885057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101544.068966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90322.502743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100423.387982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93523.884835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91829.885057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101544.068966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90322.502743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100423.387982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93523.884835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7513145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2785339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216343268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97128350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323770102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        44622                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        44622                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30824562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30824562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7513145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2785339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216343268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127952912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    354594664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7513145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2785339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216343268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127952912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354594664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7061441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7061441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10246416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10246416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.795511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.460762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.254386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86357.988506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96046.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84774.007837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94391.010690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87576.440898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        22311                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        22311                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96628.721003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96628.721003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86357.988506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96046.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84774.007837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94920.557864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88295.484064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86357.988506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96046.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84774.007837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94920.557864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88295.484064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1791.366555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           16.307557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.504133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.049300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1191.970565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    529.535135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    562                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          937                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1247                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3466                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6983510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2640339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202367536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92291479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      304282864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29543875                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29543875                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6983510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2640339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202367536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121835354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       333826739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6983510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2640339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202367536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121835354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      333826739                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           87                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.910593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.850634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.974922                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.860477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.860477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102698.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105613.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95772.615239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98496.775880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96444.647861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95302.822581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94996.382637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102698.676471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105613.560000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95772.615239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97702.769848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96314.696769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102698.676471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105613.560000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95772.615239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97702.769848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96314.696769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6038368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2293427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172686980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79218918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260237693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25138867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25138867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6038368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2293427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172686980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104357785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    285376560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6038368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2293427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172686980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104357785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    285376560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.910593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.857249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88799.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91737.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81725.972551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84545.270011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82799.138721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81093.119355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81093.119355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88799.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91737.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81725.972551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.076985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82645.977411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88799.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91737.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81725.972551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.076985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82645.977411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3653                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               429.524466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.940323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598708640300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.032893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   429.491574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.838851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.838915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25523                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    321759109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321759109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    321759109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    321759109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    321759109                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    321759109                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65705.352052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65691.937321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65705.352052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65691.937321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65705.352052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65691.937321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    252409806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252409806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    252409806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252409806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    252409806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252409806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60602.594478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60602.594478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60602.594478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60602.594478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60602.594478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60602.594478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          101                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.216839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.039604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598750749300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.082053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.701052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          441                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          441                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4249729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4249729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4249729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4249729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4249729                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4249729                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37278.324561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36322.470085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37278.324561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36322.470085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37278.324561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36322.470085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3881599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3881599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3881599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3881599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3881599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3881599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34049.114035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34049.114035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34049.114035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34049.114035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34049.114035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34049.114035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2493                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.911183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.277978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619784300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.822897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.088286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36419142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36419142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36419142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36419142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36419142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36419142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.769939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.769939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14550.196564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14509.618327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14550.196564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14509.618327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14550.196564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14509.618327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28676277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28676277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28676277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28676277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28676277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28676277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11456.762685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11456.762685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11456.762685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11456.762685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11456.762685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11456.762685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1431                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               365.417926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.317959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.576245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   364.841680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.712581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.713707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17319                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17320                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48657                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2742                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2743                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          426                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215943611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215943611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36977593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36977593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252921204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252921204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252921204                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252921204                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78754.052152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78725.341232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87006.101176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86801.861502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79861.447427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79811.045756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79861.447427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79811.045756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111494541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111494541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34490513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34490513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145985054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145985054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145985054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145985054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7328075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7328075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652765                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652765                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73255.283180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73255.283180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83310.417874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83310.417874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75405.503099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75405.503099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75405.503099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75405.503099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44162                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6951                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32241                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17723                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       203106                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62321                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          384                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30411                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4248                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             80                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       455064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.862206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.334364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          394073     86.60%     86.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2762      0.61%     87.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2471      0.54%     87.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3263      0.72%     88.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4887      1.07%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3791      0.83%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5688      1.25%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2797      0.61%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35332      7.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       455064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240085                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          200397                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20517                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        377061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20517                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          205460                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        358618                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       395298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       896981                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       896827                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242840                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152458                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1033                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1028                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            35985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47275                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27507                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296283                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       167105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          856                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       455064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.651080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.424069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       345024     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36742      8.07%     83.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23548      5.17%     89.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17929      3.94%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12844      2.82%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9725      2.14%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6546      1.44%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2267      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          439      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       455064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            743     47.97%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           419     27.05%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     24.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3242      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228195     77.02%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41382     13.97%     92.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23454      7.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296283                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337991                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1549                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005228                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1051828                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       447301                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17893                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9715                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20517                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       335644                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47275                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27507                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1341                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8074                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287764                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39238                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29506                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22405                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328273                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282506                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185812                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295745                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322275                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628285                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120163                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6998                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       434636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       360759     83.00%     83.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27311      6.28%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13701      3.15%     92.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11623      2.67%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6825      1.57%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3330      0.77%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1966      0.45%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2773      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6348      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       434636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117083                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47174                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29382                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23869                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213603                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              763831                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             692024                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 421535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215523                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.486988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.486988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558388                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         308295                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126154                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.075510                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2075510298114                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9674573451624                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20894                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36391                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21629188                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5054112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95958.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004977508                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3491993896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1503168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4372928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       797952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     62583808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    311743360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           381002496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62583808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       62583808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    173834816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        173834816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       977872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4870990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5953164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2716169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2716169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       724240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2106917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       384461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30153456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    150200825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              183570516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30153456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30153456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         83755217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              83755217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         83755217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       724240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2106917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       384461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30153456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    150200825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             267325733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23881                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.993267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.006357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             381                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23512                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23893                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       677752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15816752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4199319064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1927000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4201246064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4214458064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2604752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4217062816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4214458064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2604752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4217062816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41250.681199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48410.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41513.784777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178785.723093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 80291.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178685.184757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176669.799371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68546.105263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176497.836856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176669.799371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68546.105263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176497.836856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28214800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10587.166979                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10655900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       503800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11159700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3916320708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1633100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3917953808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3926976608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2136900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3929113508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3926976608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2136900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3929113508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29035.149864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29290.551181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166737.087364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 68045.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166636.347737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164618.596018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 56234.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164446.218893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164618.596018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 56234.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164446.218893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29443090                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3012.593232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        78805098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29445776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.676279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          690.048361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   114.549663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.517101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    674.314456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1498.163506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.168469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.164628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.365763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.735496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30965277                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2404142                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9711740                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     20680400                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               63761559                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20289972                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20289972                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1502966                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1502966                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5053541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              5053541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30965277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2404142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9711740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     25733941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                68815100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30965277                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2404142                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9711740                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     25733941                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               68815100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1191108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       408695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699249                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14895085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24194137                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        20015                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             20015                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4460935                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            4460935                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1191108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       408695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19356020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28655072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1191108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       408695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699249                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19356020                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28655072                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31327700872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9963436128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 245998384312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 551941553723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   839231075035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    168207901                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    168207901                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 266142105807                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 266142105807                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31327700872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9963436128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 245998384312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 818083659530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1105373180842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31327700872                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9963436128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 245998384312                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 818083659530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1105373180842                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32156385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2812837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17410989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35575485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           87955696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20289972                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20289972                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1522981                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1522981                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9514476                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9514476                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32156385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2812837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17410989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     45089961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            97470172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32156385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2812837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17410989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     45089961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           97470172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.442206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.275072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013142                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013142                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.468858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.442206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.293988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.442206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.293988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26301.310101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24378.659215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31950.958374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37055.280566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34687.373847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8404.091981                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8404.091981                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59660.610569                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59660.610569                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26301.310101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24378.659215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31950.958374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42265.076164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38575.131859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26301.310101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24378.659215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31950.958374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42265.076164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38575.131859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             9484899                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  9484899                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1190746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       408278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14895036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24193301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20015                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        20015                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4460935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       4460935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1190746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       408278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19355971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28654236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1190746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       408278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19355971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28654236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24867385273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7691579528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 202339659479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 468650456291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 703549080571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    803381922                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803381922                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241247903330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 241247903330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24867385273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7691579528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 202339659479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 709898359621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 944796983901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24867385273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7691579528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 202339659479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 709898359621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 944796983901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     99508787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99508787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    232140317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    232140317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    331649104                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    331649104                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.442206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013142                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013142                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.442206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.293980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.442206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20883.870509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18839.074180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26280.468358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31463.532971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29080.326020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40138.991856                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40138.991856                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54080.120721                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54080.120721                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20883.870509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18839.074180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26280.468358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36675.936310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32972.332045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20883.870509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18839.074180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26280.468358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36675.936310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32972.332045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5903172                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32326.135410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        27748776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5935043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.675413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  8116236000056                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11491.038597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.125408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.841063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.008286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   530.563932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   135.818698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6514.279638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13653.458969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.350679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.198800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.416671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1122419                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       395810                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6721368                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12145776                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               20385373                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9484899                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              9484899                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13974                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               13974                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2338928                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2338928                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1122419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       395810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6721368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14484704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                22724301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1122419                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       395810                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6721368                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14484704                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               22724301                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68327                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12468                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       977873                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2749260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3807928                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2121909                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2121909                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       977873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4871169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5929837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68327                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12468                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       977873                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4871169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5929837                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6368166471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1181191712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91355223133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 257235569059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   356140150375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56584437                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     56584437                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 196975767719                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 196975767719                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6368166471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1181191712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91355223133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 454211336778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    553115918094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6368166471                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1181191712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91355223133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 454211336778                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   553115918094                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1190746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       408278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7699241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14895036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24193301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9484899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          9484899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20113                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           20113                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4460837                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4460837                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1190746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       408278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7699241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19355873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28654138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1190746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       408278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7699241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19355873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28654138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.157396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305225                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.305225                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.475675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.206945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.206945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93201.318234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94737.865897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93422.380138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93565.384525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93525.967501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9217.207526                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9217.207526                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92829.507636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92829.507636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93201.318234                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94737.865897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93422.380138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93244.832355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93276.749107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93201.318234                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94737.865897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93422.380138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93244.832355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93276.749107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2692665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2692665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       977873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2749260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3807928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6139                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6139                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2121909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2121909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       977873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4871169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5929837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       977873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4871169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5929837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5409625557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1006945671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  77564657221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 218511724408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 302492952857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    481178864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481178864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166557013060                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 166557013060                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5409625557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1006945671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  77564657221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385068737468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 469049965917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5409625557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1006945671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  77564657221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385068737468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 469049965917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     88831600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     88831600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    203534625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    203534625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    292366225                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    292366225                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305225                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305225                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.475675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.206945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79172.590001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80762.405438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79319.765676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79480.196274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79437.676568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78380.658739                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78380.658739                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78493.947224                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78493.947224                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79172.590001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80762.405438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79319.765676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79050.580562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79099.976259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79172.590001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80762.405438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79319.765676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79050.580562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79099.976259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3145                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      894                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2251                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              17411101                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               492012202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              17411613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.257704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    492007316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      492007316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    492007316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       492007316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    492007316                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      492007316                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18852880                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18852880                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18852880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      18852880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18852880                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     18852880                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 484775874142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 484775874142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 484775874142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 484775874142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 484775874142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 484775874142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    510860196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    510860196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    510860196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    510860196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    510860196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    510860196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25713.624345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25713.624345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25713.624345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25713.624345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25713.624345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25713.624345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9549515                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            238                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40124.012605                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1441694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1441694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1441694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1441694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1441694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1441694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17411186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17411186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17411186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17411186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17411186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17411186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 378073921010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 378073921010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 378073921010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 378073921010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 378073921010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 378073921010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21714.426634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21714.426634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21714.426634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21714.426634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21714.426634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21714.426634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2813016                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9619731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2813032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.419702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9619531                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9619531                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9619531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9619531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9619531                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9619531                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2813215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2813215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2813215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2813215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2813215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2813215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  47215183524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47215183524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  47215183524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  47215183524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  47215183524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  47215183524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12432746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12432746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12432746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12432746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12432746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12432746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16783.354107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16783.354107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16783.354107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16783.354107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16783.354107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16783.354107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2813215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2813215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2813215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2813215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2813215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2813215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38288573557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38288573557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38288573557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38288573557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38288573557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38288573557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13610.255013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13610.255013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13610.255013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13610.255013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13610.255013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13610.255013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     32164683                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      62626944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     32164699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.947071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62626474                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     62626474                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62626474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     62626474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62626474                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     62626474                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32171934                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     32171934                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32171934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     32171934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32171934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     32171934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 409760791661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 409760791661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 409760791661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 409760791661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 409760791661                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 409760791661                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94798408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94798408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94798408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     94798408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94798408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     94798408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.339372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.339372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.339372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12736.591828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12736.591828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12736.591828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12736.591828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12736.591828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12736.591828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        76178                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        76178                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32171934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     32171934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32171934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     32171934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32171934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     32171934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309049683208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 309049683208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309049683208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 309049683208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309049683208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 309049683208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9606.189146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9606.189146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9606.189146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9606.189146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9606.189146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9606.189146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              45089495                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               986707535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              45090007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.883065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    727646719                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      727646719                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    257298737                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     257298737                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    984945456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       984945456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    984945456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      984945456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     55652043                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     55652043                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11066481                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11066481                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66718524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66718524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66718524                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66718524                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1665206163599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1665206163599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 397871270473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 397871270473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2063077434072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2063077434072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2063077434072                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2063077434072                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    783298762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    783298762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268365218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268365218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1051663980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1051663980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1051663980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1051663980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29921.743638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29921.743638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35952.826420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35952.826420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30922.108440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30922.108440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30922.108440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30922.108440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     20212693                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         20212693                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20065066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     20065066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        51948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20117014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     20117014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20117014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     20117014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     35586977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     35586977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11014533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     11014533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46601510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     46601510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46601510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     46601510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 813170881592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 813170881592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 355915163748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 355915163748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1169086045340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169086045340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1169086045340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169086045340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103742356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103742356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    242967875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    242967875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    346710231                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    346710231                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22850.237647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22850.237647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32313.232322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32313.232322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25086.870476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25086.870476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25086.870476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25086.870476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6232763658                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       598341252                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    598341252                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     64431030                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    432867037                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       349524680                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2016566320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3307420948                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          598341252                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    349524680                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            979930861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      345308681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          92193336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1951764829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        93009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1847887                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2508                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        510860410                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31855922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1331194                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5321919086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.090831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.535889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4358235466     81.89%     81.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        60612337      1.14%     83.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        58914295      1.11%     84.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86649063      1.63%     85.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        66239173      1.24%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80337547      1.51%     88.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59995747      1.13%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        67175090      1.26%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       483760368      9.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5321919086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.095999                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.530651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2092661925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2008360948                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        902323352                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     39052525                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     279520336                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5668710115                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2508                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     279520336                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2176536345                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1629635127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     34921685                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        850137300                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    351168293                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5511227219                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3280172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      60696266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    271210140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2016728                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6169127895                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13887683843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13841327455                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     46356388                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3951233158                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2217894780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1799540                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1806828                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        757656879                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1071326120                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    429115825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     72318122                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     47836280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5272520955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3581129                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4591270751                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10436368                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1723011353                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2578525055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1582269                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5321919086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.862710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.489732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3445696985     64.75%     64.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    683950184     12.85%     77.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    472077845      8.87%     86.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    288689051      5.42%     91.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    198857606      3.74%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129733019      2.44%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     72273242      1.36%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25766479      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4874675      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5321919086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6478458     30.38%     30.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        29158      0.14%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8870928     41.60%     72.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5944483     27.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31817414      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3295892544     71.79%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7252874      0.16%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    905489127     19.72%     92.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    350818792      7.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4591270751                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.736635                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21323027                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004644                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14533373652                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6975681829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4442102309                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     28045889                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     24298751                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12966418                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4566801980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13974384                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     98532660                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    369389736                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       810481                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       907249                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    160754273                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       213699                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     279520336                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1155637653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     25403053                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5276102084                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30424860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1071326120                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    429115825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3147466                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9748384                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3143033                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       907249                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     44138885                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     25244295                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     69383180                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4518383181                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    882140201                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     72887565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1226257910                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       433876364                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         344117709                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.724941                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4468894739                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4455068727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3121095421                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4835296507                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.714782                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645482                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1796417206                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1998860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     64645154                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5042757984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.690564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.746007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3965473494     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    370417071      7.35%     85.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    166748691      3.31%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    203585608      4.04%     93.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75607766      1.50%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44190325      0.88%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33231229      0.66%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23126161      0.46%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    160377639      3.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5042757984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999763261                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3482345579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             970297942                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701936388                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             186308                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         366211166                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10207109                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3460593923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    160377639                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10160668765                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10838174967                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               19497576                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              910844572                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999763261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3482345579                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999763261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.116751                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.116751                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.320847                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.320847                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8757014069                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4952744810                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12376005                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9510186                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2174920781                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1684997                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43601008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7388889                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           51106033                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43601008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43601008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5297339                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6530691                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5450126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1133645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6598212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          711646                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             730929                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        36309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           21007368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3560035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              24623358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      21007368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         21007368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       594021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2552307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3146547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       595181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        36309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          21007368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6112342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             27769905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3145                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2251                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     894                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6229407430                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4142106                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7748365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7715681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       579769                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7715681                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19846976                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8877878                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1848817                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1135441                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   713376                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6220354146.181020                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             9053283.818980                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001453                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998547                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
