
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58141                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   103656                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31614941                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      537053                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        957483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        83584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              316736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308568914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    286215200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1084593436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305062450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305062450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305062450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308568914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    286215200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1389655885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.735294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613413000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.735294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    255751824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    255751824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    256699824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    256699824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    256699824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    256699824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181641.920455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181641.920455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1320500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9854.477612                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    238802576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238802576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239472576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    239472576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239472576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    239472576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30454.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30454.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169604.102273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169604.102273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167463.339860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167463.339860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167463.339860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167463.339860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           229                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1777.732551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              44                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.192140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           14.779143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.918421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.305454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.491421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1183.954984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    527.283261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.003608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.289052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.128731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.434017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4312                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             190                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  190                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          996                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3249                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3563                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7663982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2792052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223311575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106982187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340749796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32834691                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32834691                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7663982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2792052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223311575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139816878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       373584487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7663982                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2792052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223311575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139816878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      373584487                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          190                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              190                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.429705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.920821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.450899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.450899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107943.408451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107386.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104156.518190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107411.834337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104878.361342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104903.166134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104569.079618                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107943.408451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107386.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104156.518190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106811.977082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104851.104968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107943.408451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107386.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104156.518190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106811.977082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104851.104968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7275082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2649152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211475381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101521287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322920902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31097191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31097191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7275082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2649152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211475381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    132618478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    354018093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7275082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2649152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211475381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    132618478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354018093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7190974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7190974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10373310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10373310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.449253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102465.943662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101890.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98635.905317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101929.003012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99759.314798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99352.047923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99352.047923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102465.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101890.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98635.905317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101312.817418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99723.406479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102465.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101890.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98635.905317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101312.817418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99723.406479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1804.755866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.172252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.492671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1208.435686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    542.655393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3229                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7019282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2560652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203984679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98037954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      311602567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29864758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29864758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7019282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2560652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203984679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127902712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       341467325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7019282                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2560652                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203984679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127902712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      341467325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.993844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.994384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.994384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100275.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98486.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95947.638288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98530.607035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96501.259523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96028.160772                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95720.378205                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100275.457143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98486.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95947.638288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97934.695253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96432.455521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100275.457143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98486.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95947.638288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97934.695253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96432.455521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6047543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2198357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174126099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84134556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266506555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25438749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25438749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6047543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2198357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174126099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109573305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291945304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6047543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2198357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174126099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109573305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291945304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6430059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6430059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9264059                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9264059                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.990733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86393.471429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84552.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81903.150988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84557.342714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82843.193970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81796.620579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81796.620579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86393.471429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84552.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81903.150988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83899.927259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82750.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86393.471429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84552.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81903.150988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83899.927259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82750.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3258                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.749196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.896869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616611300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.451386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26094                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26103                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310759310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310759310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310759310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    310759310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310759310                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    310759310                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69739.521993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69723.874804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69739.521993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69723.874804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69739.521993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69723.874804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    241856667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241856667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    241856667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241856667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    241856667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241856667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64169.983285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64169.983285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64169.983285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64169.983285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64169.983285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64169.983285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           96                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.073406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.687500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598742762300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.938897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.683681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.692088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4069283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4069283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4069283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4069283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4069283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4069283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.222664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.222664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.222664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37332.871560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36332.883929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37332.871560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36332.883929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37332.871560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36332.883929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3716868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3716868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3716868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3716868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3716868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3716868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34099.706422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34099.706422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34099.706422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34099.706422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34099.706422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34099.706422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2613                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.918003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.280520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618674300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.814121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.103882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          808                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          808                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          808                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          808                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36313139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36313139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36313139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36313139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36313139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36313139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.764980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.764980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.764980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13844.124666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13807.277186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13844.124666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13807.277186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13844.124666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13807.277186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28210887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28210887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28210887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28210887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28210887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28210887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10755.199009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10755.199009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10755.199009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10755.199009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10755.199009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10755.199009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   421                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               639.631190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                    7147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.976247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.854992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   638.776198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.623805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.624640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33105                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          33105                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17493                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17494                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        50598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           50599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        50598                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          50599                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2389                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    210293335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210293335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36067268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36067268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246360603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    246360603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246360603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    246360603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103236.786942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103186.131011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103049.337143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102755.749288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103209.301634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103122.897865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103209.301634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103122.897865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109979426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109979426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33840913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33840913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143820339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143820339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143820339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143820339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7466284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7466284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10788069                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10788069                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019111                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104842.160153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104842.160153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99240.214076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99240.214076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103467.869784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103467.869784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103467.869784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103467.869784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44509                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6903                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32188                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17946                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       191888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                214309                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63182                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          379                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30550                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4088                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             63                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       445611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.892061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.368098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          383738     86.12%     86.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2843      0.64%     86.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2452      0.55%     87.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3396      0.76%     88.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5089      1.14%     89.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3695      0.83%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5810      1.30%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2818      0.63%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35770      8.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       445611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050755                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244382                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          190719                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174947                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          195910                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        49932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54284                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        362754                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       400711                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       907156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       906998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       245343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          155272                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1075                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1072                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48552                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           299299                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1603                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110801                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          866                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       445611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.671660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.444160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       334837     75.14%     75.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36880      8.28%     83.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23467      5.27%     88.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18068      4.05%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13088      2.94%     95.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9956      2.23%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6564      1.47%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2243      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          508      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       445611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            730     48.54%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           387     25.73%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     25.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3230      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230141     76.89%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42535     14.21%     92.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23383      7.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        299299                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.341298                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1504                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005025                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048348                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449518                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       285351                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        297543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5082                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18435                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9658                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          95388                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48552                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1388                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           45                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6541                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8033                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       290448                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40307                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62595                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29801                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22288                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.331205                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                286132                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               285369                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           188019                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           298717                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.325413                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629422                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          902                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       425246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.440443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       350247     82.36%     82.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27780      6.53%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13857      3.26%     92.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11895      2.80%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6936      1.63%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3549      0.83%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2041      0.48%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2796      0.66%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6145      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       425246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118376                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        217646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47987                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                30095                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24147                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           215732                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6145                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              757527                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697843                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2430                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 431332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118376                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               217646                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118376                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.408115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.408115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          563719                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         312415                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127810                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           745                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.014287                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5014286842851                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12613349996361                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21609                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37665                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              100197985                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4911008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 50043.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1081393832                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1884918635                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2811008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2086528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     29934720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    155765824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           191030464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29934720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       29934720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     91448448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         91448448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        43922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       467730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      2433841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              2984851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1428882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1428882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       560600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                2655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      5969886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     31064402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               38097235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5969886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           5969886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         18237578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              18237578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         18237578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       560600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               2655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      5969886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     31064402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              56334813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    50717                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.090086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    50729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.002858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     3.268922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.821164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.204308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.676323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.880630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            18                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               18                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             66                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                66                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             999                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          49952                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          511                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50951                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     33660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet     10224166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43884166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8186480792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     21608000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8208088792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8220140792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     31832166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   8251972958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8220140792                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     31832166                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   8251972958                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          1047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          51017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         51017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.954155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.885615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.885615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43376.288660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45848.278027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43928.094094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164837.322648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75027.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164319.522582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162968.691356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62293.866928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161958.998999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162968.691356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62293.866928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161958.998999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     50317400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                4944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10177.467638                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          49850                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               49850                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        49952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     23943700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7455800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31399500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7587687640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     18063400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7605751040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7611631340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25519200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7637150540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7611631340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25519200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7637150540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999640                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.885615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.885615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30855.283505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33434.080717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31430.930931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 152780.437339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 62720.138889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152261.191544                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 150904.665741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 49939.726027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149892.063748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 150904.665741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 49939.726027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149892.063748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          776                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3178496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          776                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      10406457                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4035.500250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        41431823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      10410504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.979810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625257172300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          737.097835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    48.241598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    16.092064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1258.471219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1975.593338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.179956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.307244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.482323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.985230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16731916                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1274608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6306057                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6037102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               30349683                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        13143066                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             13143066                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       511817                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              511817                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7445626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              7445626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16731916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1274608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6306057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     13482728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                37795309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16731916                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1274608                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6306057                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     13482728                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               37795309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210197                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2312167                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5744821                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              8338005                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6753                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6753                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1978368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1978368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2312167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7723189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              10316373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2312167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7723189                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             10316373                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7213836313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2102941199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  88202411713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 232179516207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   329698705432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68792284                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     68792284                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133660243354                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 133660243354                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7213836313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2102941199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  88202411713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 365839759561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    463358948786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7213836313                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2102941199                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  88202411713                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 365839759561                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   463358948786                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16942113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1345428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8618224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11781923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           38687688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     13143066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         13143066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       518570                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          518570                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9423994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9423994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16942113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1345428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8618224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21205917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            48111682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16942113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1345428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8618224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21205917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           48111682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.215521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013022                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013022                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.209929                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.209929                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.214426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.214426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34319.406619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29694.171124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38147.076622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40415.448315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39541.677587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10186.921961                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10186.921961                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67560.859938                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67560.859938                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34319.406619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29694.171124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38147.076622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47369.002566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44914.908446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34319.406619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29694.171124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38147.076622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47369.002566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44914.908446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3965544                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3965544                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2312161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5744800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8337945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6753                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6753                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1978368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1978368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2312161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7723168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         10316313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2312161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7723168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        10316313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6070408130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1710779702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75107038358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 200018455835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 282906682025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    525726851                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525726851                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 122549220969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 122549220969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6070408130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1710779702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75107038358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 322567676804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 405455902994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6070408130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1710779702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75107038358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 322567676804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 405455902994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    124942858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124942858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    350840460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    350840460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    475783318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    475783318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013022                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013022                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.209929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.214424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28880.850144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24164.920363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32483.481193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34817.305360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33930.024967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77850.859026                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77850.859026                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61944.603314                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61944.603314                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28880.850144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24164.920363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32483.481193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41766.238518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39302.404163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28880.850144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24164.920363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32483.481193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41766.238518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39302.404163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       2909115                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32463.579051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         9361302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       2941675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.182303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625088497198                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10800.115777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.033524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.022502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   437.343580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   131.040773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4961.880837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  16133.138340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.329593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.151425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.492344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       177586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64248                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1844430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4447771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                6534035                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3965544                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3965544                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1423                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1423                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       840957                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               840957                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       177586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1844430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5288728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 7374992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       177586                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1844430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5288728                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                7374992                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6548                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467731                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1297029                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              1803910                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5389                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5389                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1137352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1137352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2434381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               2941262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32602                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6548                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467731                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2434381                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              2941262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3042699199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    622078620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  43729468589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121330846549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   168725092957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     46859387                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     46859387                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105607460689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 105607460689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3042699199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    622078620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  43729468589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 226938307238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    274332553646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3042699199                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    622078620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  43729468589                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 226938307238                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   274332553646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2312161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5744800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            8337945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3965544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3965544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6812                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6812                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1978309                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1978309                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2312161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7723109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            10316254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2312161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7723109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           10316254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.202292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.216349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.791104                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.791104                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574911                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.574911                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.202292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.285109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.202292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.285109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93328.605576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95002.843616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93492.773814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93545.207200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93532.988318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8695.377064                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8695.377064                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92853.804881                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92853.804881                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93328.605576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95002.843616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93492.773814                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93222.181424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93270.355938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93328.605576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95002.843616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93492.773814                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93222.181424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93270.355938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1379032                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1379032                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1297029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1803910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1137352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1137352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2434381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          2941262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2434381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         2941262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2585389460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    530566977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37133645691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103049056434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 143298658562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    418754126                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418754126                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89281676829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  89281676829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2585389460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    530566977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37133645691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192330733263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 232580335391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2585389460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    530566977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37133645691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192330733263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 232580335391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    111506084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    111506084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    308725061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    308725061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    420231145                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    420231145                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.202292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.791104                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.791104                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.202292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.285109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.202292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79301.560027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81027.333079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79391.029654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79450.078937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79437.809293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77705.349044                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77705.349044                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78499.599798                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78499.599798                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79301.560027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81027.333079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79391.029654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79006.011492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79075.014532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79301.560027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81027.333079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79391.029654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79006.011492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79075.014532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         3864                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6532                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       136                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                       10396                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6165                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    10421                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  45                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               8618306                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               254324273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               8618818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 29.508022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    254315861                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      254315861                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    254315861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       254315861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    254315861                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      254315861                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9241401                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9241401                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9241401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       9241401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9241401                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      9241401                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 210901724798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 210901724798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 210901724798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 210901724798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 210901724798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 210901724798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    263557262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    263557262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    263557262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    263557262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    263557262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    263557262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22821.401733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22821.401733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22821.401733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22821.401733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22821.401733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22821.401733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4329728                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39361.163636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       623035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       623035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       623035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       623035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       623035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       623035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8618366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8618366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8618366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8618366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8618366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8618366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 160826541637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 160826541637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 160826541637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 160826541637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 160826541637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 160826541637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18660.908766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18660.908766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18660.908766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18660.908766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18660.908766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18660.908766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      1345588                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.207743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4835210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1345603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.593341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.207743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.950484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.950484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4835005                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4835005                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4835005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4835005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4835005                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4835005                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1345811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1345811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1345811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1345811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1345811                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1345811                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  20129468834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20129468834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  20129468834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20129468834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  20129468834                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20129468834                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6180816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6180816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6180816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      6180816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6180816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      6180816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.217740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.217740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.217740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14957.129072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14957.129072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14957.129072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14957.129072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14957.129072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14957.129072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           55                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           55                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1345811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1345811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1345811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1345811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1345811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1345811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  15866938798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15866938798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  15866938798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15866938798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  15866938798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15866938798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11789.871533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11789.871533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11789.871533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11789.871533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11789.871533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11789.871533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     16946721                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.729254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      33599406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     16946737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.982648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.729254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.983078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.983078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33598712                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     33598712                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33598712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     33598712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33598712                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     33598712                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16952700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     16952700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16952700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     16952700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16952700                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     16952700                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 211141422682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 211141422682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 211141422682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 211141422682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 211141422682                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 211141422682                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50551412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     50551412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50551412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     50551412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50551412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     50551412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.335356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.335356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.335356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12454.737162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12454.737162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12454.737162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12454.737162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12454.737162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12454.737162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2966                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2966                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16952700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16952700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16952700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16952700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16952700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16952700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 158168231785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 158168231785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 158168231785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 158168231785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 158168231785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 158168231785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9329.972912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9329.972912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9329.972912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9329.972912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9329.972912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9329.972912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              21205908                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse              1023.999852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               516431021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              21206932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.351991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.999852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    383029843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      383029843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    132744792                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     132744792                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    515774635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       515774635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    515774635                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      515774635                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19877254                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     19877254                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9953008                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9953008                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29830262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      29830262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29830262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     29830262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 696973866621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 696973866621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 275986341048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 275986341048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 972960207669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 972960207669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 972960207669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 972960207669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    402907097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    402907097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    142697800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    142697800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    545604897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    545604897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    545604897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    545604897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069749                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069749                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35063.890949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35063.890949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27728.937930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27728.937930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32616.549183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32616.549183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32616.549183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32616.549183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     13140045                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         13140045                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8093821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      8093821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        16175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8109996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      8109996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8109996                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      8109996                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11783433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11783433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9936833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      9936833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21720266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21720266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21720266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21720266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 317958076787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 317958076787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 238781027691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 238781027691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 556739104478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 556739104478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 556739104478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 556739104478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    130292951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    130292951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    366306003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    366306003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    496598954                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    496598954                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069636                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069636                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26983.484082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26983.484082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24029.892390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24029.892390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25632.241542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25632.241542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25632.241542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25632.241542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3150348353                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       309816923                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    309816923                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     34033719                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    224073635                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       179428145                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1020060933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1712636681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          309816923                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    179428145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            506867105                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      171172723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          43024720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1066775531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       107599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       729450                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1135                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        263557361                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     16762528                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         640153                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2774221185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.082014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.528436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2275721670     82.03%     82.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        31592123      1.14%     83.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        31742862      1.14%     84.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        43671348      1.57%     85.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        34430451      1.24%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        41153845      1.48%     88.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        30295088      1.09%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        34516853      1.24%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       251096945      9.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2774221185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.098344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.543634                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1055837078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1095083932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        466455913                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     20189550                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     136654712                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    2929122979                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          882                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     136654712                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1099783731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      893540553                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     19143230                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        439109055                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    185989904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    2845931726                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1436691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      27965740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    148734410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       904834                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   3204059120                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   7154364514                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   7131701540                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     22662974                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   2097596509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1106462721                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       451618                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       453393                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        396010645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    545763048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    217097490                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     34563580                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     21976438                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        2718634479                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1078486                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       2389407157                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      5906490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    842747661                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1252414241                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       479321                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2774221185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.861289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.497339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1802703694     64.98%     64.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    356149439     12.84%     77.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    239674253      8.64%     86.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    148458546      5.35%     91.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    103108210      3.72%     95.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     67952438      2.45%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     39512459      1.42%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14033378      0.51%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2628768      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2774221185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3944378     35.51%     35.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        11032      0.10%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4457157     40.13%     75.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2694223     24.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     16239642      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1720195585     71.99%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3473550      0.15%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    467319251     19.56%     92.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    182179129      7.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    2389407157                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.758458                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           11106790                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004648                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   7569756627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3551314691                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2311478313                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     13697509                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     11537617                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6377508                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    2377446637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        6827668                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     51575993                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    180201125                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       475561                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       413410                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     74399899                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       188826                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          707                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     136654712                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      646996363                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     12697020                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2719712965                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     16791532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    545763048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    217097490                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       832167                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       4236979                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      1438212                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       413410                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     23447939                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     13203335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     36651274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   2350702642                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    454716056                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     38704515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           633445909                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       226771925                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         178729853                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.746172                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            2325156273                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           2317855821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1622043598                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       2499492197                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.735746                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648949                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    879290515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       599165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     34120687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2637603924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.698159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.734440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2053880051     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    207112749      7.85%     85.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90107360      3.42%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    110407269      4.19%     93.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     41431545      1.57%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     24013533      0.91%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17734756      0.67%     96.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     12618117      0.48%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     80298544      3.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2637603924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1058127255                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1841466828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             508259528                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            365561934                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             116631                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         193478945                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           5142487                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1830196281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     80298544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          5277917586                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         5578780573                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7193704                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              376127168                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         11906395752                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1058127255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1841466828                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1058127255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.977287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.977287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.335876                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.335876                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      4572617779                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     2592312843                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6192922                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         4547759                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1125703612                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        432409                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            9412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       624656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       266256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       234335120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        39181634                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          274419510                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    234335120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     234335120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         6744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     28037794                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        29293818                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        78082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        33282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         29291890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          6110381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            35514244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3785408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3805211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       124575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        53099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           46733489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7813999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              54727525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      46733489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         46733489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5591582                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5842071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              3222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       124575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        53099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          46733489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          13405581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             60569596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6532                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        3864                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      136                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                      10396                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   10421                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6165                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 54                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15057919878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  22187815                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    41540227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            41378276                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                32898                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3339327                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   41378276                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       32898                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         107375685                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         47775380                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              49571                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             20654                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     9921950                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   6127678                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3794272                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15009266162.649572                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             48653715.350428                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003231                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996769                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
