
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000367                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   367263702                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5031394887348                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 160952                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   284495                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               86583148                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682711                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1206753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       191552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              271552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         2993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        348523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        697047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              174262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              522785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8713085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3310972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    204060460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    521565292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              739392427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         174262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    204060460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         204234722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       348523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       697047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             174262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             522785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8713085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3310972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    204060460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    521565292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             739392427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           495                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2167.207154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              42                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.084848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          283.644832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.106278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.726989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.893229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.689984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    592.477675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1250.668172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.069249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.144648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.529103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          577                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3923                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1029                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1029                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2342                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          601                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3947                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1180                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2339                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3597                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                661                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1180                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2999                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5143743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2008145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121302973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    240262296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      368717157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       324329                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       324329                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68400346                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     68400346                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5143743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2008145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121302973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    308662642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       437117503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5143743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2008145                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121302973                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    308662642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      437117503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1029                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1029                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           59                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              59                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              685                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.478324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491525                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.491525                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.964912                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.964964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.833056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.518952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.833056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.518952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102874.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105691.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102799.129661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102720.092347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102506.854879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11183.758621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11183.758621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103636.887879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103480.099849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102874.860000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105691.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102799.129661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102921.854618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102657.938704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102874.860000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105691.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102799.129661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102921.854618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102657.938704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4866443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1903845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114791419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    227315617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    348877324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1392868                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1392868                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     64772146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64772146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4866443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1903845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114791419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    292087763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    413649470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4866443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1903845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114791419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    292087763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    413649470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491525                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491525                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.964912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.833056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.517733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.833056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97328.860000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100202.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97280.863559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97184.958102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97234.482720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48029.931034                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48029.931034                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98139.615152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98139.615152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97328.860000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100202.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97280.863559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97395.052684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97375.110640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97328.860000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100202.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97280.863559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97395.052684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97375.110640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1977.382786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            7.384317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.267636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.461850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.791292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    605.147398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1317.330321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.018468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.040202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              53                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   53                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2335                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3584                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                661                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4245                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4698043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1839045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110656651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    219350570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      336544309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     62521235                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     62521235                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4698043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1839045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110656651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    281871805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       399065544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4698043                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1839045                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110656651                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    281871805                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      399065544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          660                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              661                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.996386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413793                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.413793                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93960.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96791.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94497.567037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93940.286938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93901.871931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94729.143939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94585.832073                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93960.860000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96791.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94497.567037                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94114.125209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94008.373145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93960.860000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96791.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94497.567037                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94114.125209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94008.373145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3998419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1574105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94200396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186508861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286281781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53143887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53143887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3998419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1574105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94200396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    239652748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    339425668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3998419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1574105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94200396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    239652748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    339425668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413793                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413793                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79968.380000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82847.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80444.403074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79875.315203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80078.819860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80521.040909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80521.040909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79968.380000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82847.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80444.403074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80017.612020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80147.737426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79968.380000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82847.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80444.403074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80017.612020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80147.737426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            3                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                30                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            5                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          4                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1455                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               351.992995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 13.895533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.476072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   351.516923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.686556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.687486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        33783                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          33802                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        33783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           33802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        33783                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          33802                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2271                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164758373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164758373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164758373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164758373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164758373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164758373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        36054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        36054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        36074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        36054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        36074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.062989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.062989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.062989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72548.821224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72516.889525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72548.821224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72516.889525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72548.821224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72516.889525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130912064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130912064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130912064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130912064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130912064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130912064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.054113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.054113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.054113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67099.981548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67099.981548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67099.981548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67099.981548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67099.981548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67099.981548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          242                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.803758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.314050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.056004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.747754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.066000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.612735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1192                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1192                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          278                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5195477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5195477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5195477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5195477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5195477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5195477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18688.766187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18423.677305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18688.766187                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18423.677305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18688.766187                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18423.677305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4316677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4316677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4316677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4316677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4316677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4316677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15527.615108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15527.615108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15527.615108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15527.615108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15527.615108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15527.615108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2417                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.795447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.726107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.098999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.696448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.006187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.856028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.862215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1932                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1932                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1935                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2467                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2467                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30623579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30623579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30623579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30623579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30623579                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30623579                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         4402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         4402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.560427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.560427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.560427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12438.496751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12413.286988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12438.496751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12413.286988                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12438.496751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12413.286988                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22964536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22964536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22964536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22964536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22964536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22964536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9327.593826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9327.593826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9327.593826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9327.593826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9327.593826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9327.593826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3089                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.221554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   51962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.821625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5031078454300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.383161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.838393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        46588                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          46590                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20810                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20810                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67398                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67400                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7029                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7031                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          744                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          745                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         7773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          7776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         7773                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         7776                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    662776471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    662776471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74298177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74298177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    737074648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    737074648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    737074648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    737074648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.103437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.103437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94291.715891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94264.894183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99863.141129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99729.096644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94824.990094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94788.406379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94824.990094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94788.406379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1011                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1011                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    250337012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250337012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71385947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71385947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    321722959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321722959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    321722959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321722959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034425                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034424                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85820.024683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85820.024683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96207.475741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96207.475741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87926.471440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87926.471440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87926.471440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87926.471440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1102864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           59751                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        59751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6571                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37901                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           26231                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       160514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                277561                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              59751                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        26231                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                87771                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          33000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              7030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        430885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1911                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            36054                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3153                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             84                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       713999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.711418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.126409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          628573     88.04%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9305      1.30%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5520      0.77%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3819      0.53%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6088      0.85%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            6037      0.85%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6150      0.86%     93.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3343      0.47%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           45164      6.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       713999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.054178                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.251673                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          166883                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       438528                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            78267                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4433                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         25887                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        490284                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         25887                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          176302                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         347421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61243                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            73314                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        29831                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        468628                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        16921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          389                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       569610                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1221727                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1221727                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       342237                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          227228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2079                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            71052                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        68173                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        28429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1776                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          918                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            441975                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2077                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           382161                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2010                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       154946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       254167                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          665                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       713999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.535240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       560477     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56314      7.89%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        35620      4.99%     91.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        24164      3.38%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        17325      2.43%     97.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10830      1.52%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6676      0.94%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2135      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          458      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       713999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            753     32.56%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           859     37.14%     69.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          701     30.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2971      0.78%      0.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       292998     76.67%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60020     15.71%     93.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26172      6.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        382161                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.346517                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2313                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006052                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1483897                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       599108                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       368862                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        381503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23672                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          114                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6875                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          122                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         25887                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         311298                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3900                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       444052                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        68173                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        28429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2059                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2080                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          114                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         2139                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5720                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7859                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       374221                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57900                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               83531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           38679                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25631                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.339317                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                369927                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               368862                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           260316                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           412648                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.334458                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630843                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       162177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6806                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       688268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.409330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       593812     86.28%     86.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        37013      5.38%     91.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        14068      2.04%     93.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        16217      2.36%     96.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7343      1.07%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3760      0.55%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3245      0.47%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2193      0.32%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10617      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       688268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       158014                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        281729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66040                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44486                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             31519                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           281369                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        10617                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1120660                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             913955                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2350                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 388865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             158014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               281729                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       158014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.979533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.979533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143276                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143276                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          743926                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         434325                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         171510                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1925                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5618824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          905854                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6544518                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5618824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5618824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       776468                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          776468                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           702353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           133868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              838701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          102746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             102746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32957246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     21063884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15299154176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2466494769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17819670075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15299154176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15299154176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2114197498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2114197498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32957246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     21063884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15299154176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4580692268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19933867573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1102903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    524683                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      925000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              923149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     923149                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2439219                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1061000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      236683                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    133940                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   102743                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1102903                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.090602                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1090602297675                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6122368698804                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70063                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   130852                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               89393520                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4659072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12200.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   854773893                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1596392378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        49472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       184384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       960960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     12105024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            16882496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       960960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         960960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12771072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         12771072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       189141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               263789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         199548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              199548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        45362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3240309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       169066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       881128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     11099393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               15479975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       881128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            881128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         11710109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              11710109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         11710109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        45362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3240309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       169066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       881128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     11099393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              27190084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105305                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.474722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.522821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5032530842000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.116927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.357795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18693                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18693                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8144                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8144                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26837                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26837                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103804                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103831                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99364                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101092                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204923                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4605501063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4606588063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    175509784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6700463000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6875972784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    176596784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11305964063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11482560847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    176596784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11305964063                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11482560847                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924247                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40259.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44367.279324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44366.211083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 101568.162037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67433.507105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68016.982392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 100624.948148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55648.350444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56033.538680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 100624.948148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55648.350444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56033.538680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       807700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  73                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11064.383562                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56785                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56785                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       747600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3321917053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3322664653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    154704092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5472542500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5627246592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    155451692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8794459553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8949911245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    155451692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8794459553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8949911245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925446                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27688.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32001.821250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32000.699724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 89527.831019                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55075.706493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55664.608396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 88576.462678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43286.637428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43674.508206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 88576.462678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43286.637428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43674.508206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27484613                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4041.150226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        56970110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27488644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.072496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5036199272137                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          499.530623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.828404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.481846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2740.600107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    694.705861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.121956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.669092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.169606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17347206                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4359129                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24530257                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5729173                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51965765                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6991013                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              6991013                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1028790                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1028790                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1187761                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1187761                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17347206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4359129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24530257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6916934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                53153526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17347206                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4359129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24530257                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6916934                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               53153526                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321505                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       162245                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18863060                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6160614                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25507424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51348                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             51348                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1866059                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1866059                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       162245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18863060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8026673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27373483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321505                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       162245                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18863060                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8026673                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27373483                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7291267520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3524156029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417469469309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 155558450598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   583843343456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2229534670                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2229534670                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56194484896                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  56194484896                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7291267520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3524156029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417469469309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211752935494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    640037828352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7291267520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3524156029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417469469309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211752935494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   640037828352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17668711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4521374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43393317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11889787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77473189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6991013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          6991013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1080138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1080138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3053820                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3053820                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17668711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4521374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43393317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14943607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            80527009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17668711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4521374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43393317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14943607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           80527009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.329242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.047538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.611057                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.611057                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.339929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.339929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22678.550940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21721.199599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22131.587839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25250.478377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22889.153505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43420.087832                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43420.087832                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30113.991517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30113.991517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22678.550940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21721.199599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22131.587839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26381.158855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23381.672999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22678.550940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21721.199599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22131.587839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26381.158855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23381.672999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3843587                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3843587                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              3316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              3316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       319248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       161186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18863060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6160614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25504108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51348                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        51348                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1866059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1866059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       319248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       161186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18863060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8026673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27370167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       319248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       161186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18863060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8026673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27370167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5547390204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2629153368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310490648840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121679462194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 440346654606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2794457135                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2794457135                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45703897733                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45703897733                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5547390204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2629153368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310490648840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 167383359927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 486050552339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5547390204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2629153368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310490648840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 167383359927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 486050552339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10231063516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10231063516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15334981851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15334981851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25566045367                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25566045367                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.611057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.339888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17376.428996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16311.301031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16460.248170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19751.190741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17265.714786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54421.927534                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54421.927534                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24492.204016                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24492.204016                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17376.428996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16311.301031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16460.248170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20853.392175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17758.406529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17376.428996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16311.301031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16460.248170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20853.392175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17758.406529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        207802                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32345.159641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29006495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        240283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        120.718049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18328.992018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.064376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.005336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   441.812467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   146.487130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5475.583430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7952.212831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.559356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.167102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.242682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       316367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       160424                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18848037                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6003062                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25327890                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3843587                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3843587                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1514                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1514                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1672204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1672204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       316367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       160424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18848037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7675266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27000094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       316367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       160424                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18848037                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7675266                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27000094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2881                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          762                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15023                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157552                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               176218                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75693                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             75693                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       167996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             167996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       325548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                344214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2881                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          762                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15023                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       325548                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               344214                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    267183017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     70896871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1405082709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9532591807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    11275754404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1886395565                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1886395565                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15144818403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  15144818403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    267183017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     70896871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1405082709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24677410210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     26420572807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    267183017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     70896871                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1405082709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24677410210                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    26420572807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       319248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       161186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18863060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6160614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25504108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3843587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3843587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        77207                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           77207                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1840200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1840200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       319248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       161186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18863060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8000814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27344308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       319248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       161186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18863060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8000814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27344308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980390                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.980390                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.091292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.091292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.012588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.012588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92739.679625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93040.513123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93528.769820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60504.416364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63987.529106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24921.664685                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24921.664685                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90149.875015                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90149.875015                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92739.679625                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93040.513123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93528.769820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75802.677977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76756.241196                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92739.679625                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93040.513123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93528.769820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75802.677977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76756.241196                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              142763                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   142763                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       157552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          176218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75693                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        75693                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       167996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        167996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       325548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           344214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       325548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          344214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    226757931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     60176860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1193170940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7311520486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8791626217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3902363853                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3902363853                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12743681881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12743681881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    226757931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     60176860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1193170940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20055202367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21535308098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    226757931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     60176860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1193170940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20055202367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21535308098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9116898296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9116898296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13657327223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13657327223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22774225519                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22774225519                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980390                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980390                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.091292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78708.063520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78972.257218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79422.947481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46407.030606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49890.625345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51555.148468                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51555.148468                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75857.055412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75857.055412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78708.063520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78972.257218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79422.947481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61604.440411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62563.719366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78708.063520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78972.257218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79422.947481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61604.440411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62563.719366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                34001880                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45850                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20833611                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13168269                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22925                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22925                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21456                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43393327                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               130701916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43393839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.011992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5031811935487                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130692215                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      130692215                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130692215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       130692215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130692215                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      130692215                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47431611                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47431611                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47431611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47431611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47431611                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47431611                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 985702203503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 985702203503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 985702203503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 985702203503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 985702203503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 985702203503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    178123826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    178123826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    178123826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    178123826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    178123826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    178123826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20781.545951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20781.545951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20781.545951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20781.545951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20781.545951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20781.545951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       327743                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40967.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4038280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4038280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4038280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4038280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4038280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4038280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43393331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43393331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43393331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43393331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43393331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43393331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 763649874155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 763649874155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 763649874155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 763649874155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 763649874155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 763649874155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17598.323442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17598.323442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17598.323442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17598.323442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17598.323442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17598.323442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4523952                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.997071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4272117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4523968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.944330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4271619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4271619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4271619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4271619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4271619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4271619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4524654                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4524654                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4524654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4524654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4524654                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4524654                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74803903340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74803903340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74803903340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  74803903340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74803903340                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  74803903340                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8796273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8796273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8796273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8796273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8796273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8796273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.514383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.514383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.514383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.514383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.514383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.514383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16532.513500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16532.513500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16532.513500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16532.513500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16532.513500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16532.513500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        30798                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        30798                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4524654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4524654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4524654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4524654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4524654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4524654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60943625658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60943625658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60943625658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60943625658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60943625658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60943625658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.514383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.514383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.514383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.514383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.514383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.514383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13469.234478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13469.234478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13469.234478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13469.234478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13469.234478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13469.234478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17672772                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5069388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17672788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.286847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5031782188000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5069217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5069217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5069217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5069217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5069217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5069217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17683694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17683694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17683694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17683694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17683694                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17683694                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 282751306765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 282751306765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 282751306765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 282751306765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 282751306765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 282751306765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22752911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22752911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22752911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22752911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22752911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22752911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.777206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.777206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.777206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15989.380203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15989.380203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15989.380203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15989.380203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15989.380203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15989.380203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        24985                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        24985                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17683694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17683694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17683694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17683694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17683694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17683694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228775958023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 228775958023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228775958023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 228775958023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228775958023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 228775958023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12937.113593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12937.113593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12937.113593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12937.113593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12937.113593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12937.113593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14902427                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.829296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               282220657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14902939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.937248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.829296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    182401801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      182401801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98568658                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98568658                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    280970459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       280970459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    280970459                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      280970459                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18481468                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18481468                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4149788                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4149788                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22631256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      22631256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22631256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     22631256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 517531700535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 517531700535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111497019105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 111497019105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 629028719640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 629028719640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 629028719640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 629028719640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    200883269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    200883269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102718446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102718446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    303601715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    303601715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    303601715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    303601715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.092001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040400                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040400                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28002.737690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28002.737690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26868.124132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26868.124132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27794.688887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27794.688887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27794.688887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27794.688887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6935230                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          6935230                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6586477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6586477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        36409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        36409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6622886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6622886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6622886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6622886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11894991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11894991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4113379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4113379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16008370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16008370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16008370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16008370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 289540090599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 289540090599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  96335560885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96335560885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385875651484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 385875651484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385875651484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 385875651484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10683809607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10683809607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15934917750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15934917750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26618727357                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26618727357                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24341.345916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24341.345916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23420.054628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23420.054628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24104.618489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24104.618489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24104.618489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24104.618489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3235470481                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       229537386                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    229537386                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42464465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    195670960                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       102483802                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1456097031                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1047960897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          229537386                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    102483802                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            326928758                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      153094476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          81217545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     389992946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       717427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1869559                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        178123834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29917017                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1139854                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2365981581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.829120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.274325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2047566292     86.54%     86.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19901768      0.84%     87.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14469323      0.61%     87.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26308190      1.11%     89.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22644243      0.96%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27327708      1.16%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19418320      0.82%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16573243      0.70%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       171772494      7.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2365981581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070944                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.323898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1514033713                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    434394918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        302171210                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6223481                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     109158259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1901327793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     109158259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1534784646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      144661970                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    245228429                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        286649008                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45499269                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1823479366                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       705862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7213374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29930961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       248511                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1981122888                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4534749109                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4534658237                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        90872                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1201882239                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       779240638                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6162286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6191539                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        140523766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    257357338                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    158252167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16066902                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14607815                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1691813034                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8917933                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1531253878                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7433437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    559377809                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    749041341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3264705                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2365981581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.647196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.423582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1795660938     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    194921735      8.24%     84.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    122829858      5.19%     89.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     84217722      3.56%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69184595      2.92%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49289493      2.08%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36558614      1.55%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11067276      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2251350      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2365981581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4510747     41.96%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4113799     38.27%     80.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2125943     19.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18480926      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1137030961     74.25%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    235022421     15.35%     90.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140719570      9.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1531253878                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.473271                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10750489                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007021                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5453345868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2260471082                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1455823910                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41102                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        25304                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20278                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1523502871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20570                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22771493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     93230845                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       502321                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       408766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     55505828                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       201357                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     109158259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82943085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1843967                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1700730967                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     28979666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    257357338                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    158252167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7855974                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        872581                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        73033                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       408766                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14008751                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33586927                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47595678                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1485055277                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    223904835                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46198601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           359003230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       157006690                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135098395                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.458992                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1458727989                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1455844188                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        915659392                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1410308578                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.449964                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649262                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    618488970                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5653228                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42677954                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2257724676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.428612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1899108506     84.12%     84.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    129244431      5.72%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     58317699      2.58%     92.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63974744      2.83%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33764668      1.50%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15041275      0.67%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12147055      0.54%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7826272      0.35%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38300026      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2257724676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    585536411                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1082135550                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             266872828                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164126490                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             576727                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125282604                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1077572482                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     38300026                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3918759439                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3510866787                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25088910                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              869488900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            38671454                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          585536411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1082135550                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    585536411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.525652                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.525652                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.180974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.180974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2846088689                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1567569489                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20278                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      699266776                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5298803                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       946160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2836746792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511180499                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3351720235                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2836746792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2836746792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356547311                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364111747                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       118270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354593349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         80974712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           435805282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51432033                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51613357                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2526340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       867557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        77234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2601082721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          468713939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3073274504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2601082721                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2601082721                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3451509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3484508                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         326926976                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            333862993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3458221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6010847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       867557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        77234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2601082721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         795640915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3407137496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               34001880                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45850                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13168269                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20833611                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22925                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22925                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21343                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3275073595                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267814359                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   511732034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           510027905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36544021                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  510027905                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1315314828                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564422145                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132621290                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81057264                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51564026                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2676541102.349154                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598532492.650846                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182754                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817246                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
