
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156830                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   277029                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               84720681                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      681930                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1204585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       196096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              275520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8512797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202396082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    532310382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              747909985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202396082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202569812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8512797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202396082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    532310382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             747909985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           482                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2183.492843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              95                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.197095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          308.889840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.137008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.717901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.387292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    539.164784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1298.986501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.075413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.317135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.533079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2708                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          272                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          965                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4704                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1230                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1230                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2708                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          272                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          756                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4846                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2363                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3608                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5010057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1779622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120494974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242415729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      369700382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       647607                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       647607                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73346323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73346323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5010057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1779622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120494974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315762052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       443046705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5010057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1779622                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120494974                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315762052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      443046705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.434071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.459016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.832941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.734977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.471076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.734977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.471076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102246.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104683.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102987.157265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102588.120609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102466.846452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23128.821429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23128.821429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103743.031117                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103596.501412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102246.061224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104683.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102987.157265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102854.088599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102652.155931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102246.061224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104683.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102987.157265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102854.088599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102652.155931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4738657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1686822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114035292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229320288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349781059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1298877                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1298877                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69467223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69467223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4738657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1686822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114035292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298787511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419248282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4738657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1686822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114035292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298787511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419248282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.831765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.734977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.469985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.734977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96707.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99224.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97466.061538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97046.249683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97188.402056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46388.464286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46388.464286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98256.326733                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98256.326733                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96707.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99224.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97466.061538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97324.922150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97363.744078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96707.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99224.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97466.061538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97324.922150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97363.744078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1975.134409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.205766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.330584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.083049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.451426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    549.265232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1369.798381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3597                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4573957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1628322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109989945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221244008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337436232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67052349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67052349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4573957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1628322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109989945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288296357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       404488581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4573957                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1628322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109989945                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288296357                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      404488581                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.996951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.392857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.997451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.997451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93346.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95783.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94411.969957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93866.783199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93810.462052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94840.663366                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94706.707627                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93346.061224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95783.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94411.969957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94091.500326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93957.858537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93346.061224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95783.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94411.969957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94091.500326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93957.858537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3889045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1392809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93624950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188078387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286985191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       862400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       862400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57044137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57044137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3889045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1392809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93624950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245122524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344029328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3889045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1392809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93624950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245122524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344029328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79368.265306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81929.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80364.763948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79795.666950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79984.724359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80684.776521                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80684.776521                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79368.265306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81929.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80364.763948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80000.823760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80099.959953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79368.265306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81929.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80364.763948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80000.823760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80099.959953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1425                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               332.948755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.034386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.727234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   332.221521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.648870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.650291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31610                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31610                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2290                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2290                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166317860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166317860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166317860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166317860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166317860                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166317860                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72627.886463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72596.185072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72627.886463                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72596.185072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72627.886463                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72596.185072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          364                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          364                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130415154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130415154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130415154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130415154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130415154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130415154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67712.956386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67712.956386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67712.956386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67712.956386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67712.956386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67712.956386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          281                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.642967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.989324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019266892000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.525344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.117623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.569851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.665185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1350                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1350                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          322                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5459287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5459287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5459287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5459287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5459287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5459287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.190647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.190647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.190647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17167.569182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16954.307453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17167.569182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16954.307453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17167.569182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16954.307453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4447269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4447269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4447269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4447269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4447269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4447269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.190647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.190647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.190647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13985.122642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13985.122642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13985.122642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13985.122642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13985.122642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13985.122642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2783                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.267804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.713618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125902300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.668324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.599480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2232                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2828                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2833                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2828                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2833                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34457608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34457608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34457608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34457608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34457608                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34457608                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.559329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.559329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.559329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12184.444130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12162.939640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12184.444130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12162.939640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12184.444130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12162.939640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25687064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25687064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25687064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25687064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25687064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25687064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9083.120226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9083.120226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9083.120226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9083.120226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9083.120226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9083.120226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3669                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               456.693606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   53450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.568002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019322527300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.321104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   456.372502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.891353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.891980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44400                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21879                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21879                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66276                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66279                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8110                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          917                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9027                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    710340540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    710340540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81065882                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81065882                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    791406422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    791406422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    791406422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    791406422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.154423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87609.834731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87588.229346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88499.871179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88403.360960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87700.179743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87671.033788                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87700.179743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87671.033788                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1220                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1220                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256779321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256779321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77381741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77381741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334161062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    334161062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334161062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334161062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039877                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039875                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77087.757730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77087.757730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85128.427943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85128.427943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78811.571226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78811.571226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78811.571226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78811.571226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56773                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56773                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6280                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37810                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24259                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       159137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                265161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24259                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83592                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        484184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2069                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33900                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2941                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            103                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       759703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.640727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.033871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          678195     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8980      1.18%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5226      0.69%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3614      0.48%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5700      0.75%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5357      0.71%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5372      0.71%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3401      0.45%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43858      5.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       759703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239697                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          164884                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       491767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74149                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4748                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        469625                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          174499                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         393911                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        66121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31775                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        448278                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          272                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       537253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1169741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1169741                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       332745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          204500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2128                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75825                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66610                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1944                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          944                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            423094                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           370409                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2319                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142880                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       227392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          684                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       759703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.211404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       609443     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56858      7.48%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34689      4.57%     92.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22668      2.98%     95.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16279      2.14%     97.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10536      1.39%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6629      0.87%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2209      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          392      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       759703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            814     34.88%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           813     34.83%     69.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          707     30.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3017      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       280146     75.63%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59439     16.05%     92.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27807      7.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        370409                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.334837                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2334                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1506629                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       568260                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       357651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        369726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4535                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22217                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7477                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         355613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4141                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       425255                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4252                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66610                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2145                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2181                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1981                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5506                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       362837                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57264                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84472                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37320                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27208                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327992                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                358674                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               357651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248803                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           397703                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323304                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625600                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148494                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       735712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.376041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       645016     87.67%     87.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35376      4.81%     92.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13522      1.84%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14685      2.00%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7165      0.97%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3436      0.47%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2789      0.38%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2175      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11548      1.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       735712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       155480                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        276658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67188                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44393                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30529                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           276280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11548                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1148374                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             874625                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 346533                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             155480                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               276658                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       155480                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.114973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.114973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          726303                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         416846                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168442                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.110631                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1110630917673                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6130398187278                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  61078                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114086                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               79219377                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4657920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14019.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856297764                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1599452352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       161792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       969152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10957952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15694912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       969152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         969152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11701440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11701440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       171218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               245233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         182835                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              182835                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3181701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       145676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       872614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9866421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14131528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       872614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            872614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10535849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10535849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10535849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3181701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       145676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       872614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9866421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              24667377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   104131                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.462087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   104145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.527428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020571770000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.113872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.348215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18700                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18700                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8010                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8010                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26710                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26710                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99514                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101242                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203330                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1093000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4594481360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4595574360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125221784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6702607000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6827828784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126314784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11297088360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11423403144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126314784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11297088360                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11423403144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40481.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44256.004469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44255.023064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72466.310185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67353.407561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67440.674661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71974.235897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55560.361776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55700.822313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71974.235897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55560.361776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55700.822313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       334200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  32                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10443.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56772                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56772                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       750500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3312258098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3313008598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104420884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5473611001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5578031885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105171384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785869099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891040483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105171384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785869099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891040483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925505                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926683                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27796.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31905.083012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31904.014695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60428.752315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55003.426664                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55096.026205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59926.714530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43209.900649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43352.953570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59926.714530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43209.900649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43352.953570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27595237                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.499984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        60881346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27599288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.205903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024340179434                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          518.745094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.583431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.037614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2730.724953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    693.405617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.126647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.666681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.169288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17260047                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4483344                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24713112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8023682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54480185                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8467257                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8467257                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       957976                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              957976                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1514337                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1514337                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17260047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4483344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24713112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9538019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                55994522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17260047                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4483344                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24713112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9538019                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               55994522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328207                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19027459                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6009606                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25534879                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1844399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1844399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19027459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7854005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27379278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328207                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169607                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19027459                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7854005                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27379278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7417511375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3686129382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 420393128003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150912623388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   582409392148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2261672231                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2261672231                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54707928975                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54707928975                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7417511375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3686129382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 420393128003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205620552363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    637117321123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7417511375                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3686129382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 420393128003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205620552363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   637117321123                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17588254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4652951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43740571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14033288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80015064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8467257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8467257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1012107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1012107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3358736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3358736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17588254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4652951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43740571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17392024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83373800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17588254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4652951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43740571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17392024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83373800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.319126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053483                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.053483                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.549135                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.549135                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.328392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.328392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22600.101080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21733.356418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22094.023590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25111.899747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22808.386605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41781.460365                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41781.460365                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29661.656168                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29661.656168                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22600.101080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21733.356418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22094.023590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26180.343960                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23270.055592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22600.101080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21733.356418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22094.023590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26180.343960                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23270.055592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3799587                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3799587                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19027459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6009606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25533445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54131                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54131                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1844399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1844399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19027459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7854005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27377844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19027459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7854005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27377844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5647194211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2754703740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 312522391369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117872196543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 438796485863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2879326779                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2879326779                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44335275586                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44335275586                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5647194211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2754703740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 312522391369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162207472129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 483131761449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5647194211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2754703740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 312522391369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162207472129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 483131761449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10430080067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10430080067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15573710451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15573710451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26003790518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26003790518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053483                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053483                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.549135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.328375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17252.770861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16294.333576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16424.809606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19613.964134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17185.165804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53191.826846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53191.826846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24037.789863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24037.789863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17252.770861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16294.333576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16424.809606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20652.835353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17646.815485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17252.770861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16294.333576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16424.809606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20652.835353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17646.815485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        190632                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32344.902218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29013407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        223088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        130.053643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18103.386128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.055203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   454.561128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   148.336436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5605.169091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8033.375997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.552472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.171056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.245159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19012308                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5857381                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25362804                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3799587                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3799587                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4553                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4553                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1662663                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1662663                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19012308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7520044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27025467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168322                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19012308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7520044                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27025467                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152225                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               170641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        76717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             76717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       154597                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             154597                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       306822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                325238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       306822                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               325238                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    234336245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     68475262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1417099244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9025154441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10745065192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1875575097                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1875575097                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13896214638                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13896214638                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    234336245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     68475262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1417099244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22921369079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24641279830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    234336245                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     68475262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1417099244                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22921369079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24641279830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19027459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6009606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25533445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3799587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3799587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        81270                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           81270                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1817260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1817260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19027459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7826866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27350705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19027459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7826866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27350705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.943977                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.943977                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.085071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92696.299446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92910.803256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.730183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59288.253841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62968.836282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24447.972379                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24447.972379                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89886.703093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89886.703093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92696.299446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92910.803256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.730183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74705.754734                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75763.840111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92696.299446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92910.803256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.730183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74705.754734                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75763.840111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              126063                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   126063                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76717                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        76717                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       154597                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        154597                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           325238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          325238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    198881466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58108222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1203352703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6880561164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8340903555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3978058966                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3978058966                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11686556584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11686556584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    198881466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58108222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1203352703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18567117748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20027460139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    198881466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58108222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1203352703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18567117748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20027460139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9294195567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9294195567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13869020845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13869020845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23163216412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23163216412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.943977                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943977                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78671.465981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78844.263229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79423.978813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45199.941954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48879.832836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51853.682574                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51853.682574                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75593.682827                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75593.682827                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78671.465981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78844.263229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79423.978813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60514.297371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61577.860333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78671.465981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78844.263229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79423.978813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60514.297371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61577.860333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33388705                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45023                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20457907                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12930798                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22512                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22512                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21889                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43740584                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               131952062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43741096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.016661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131932932                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      131932932                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131932932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       131932932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131932932                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      131932932                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47834239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47834239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47834239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47834239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47834239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47834239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1009817564012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1009817564012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1009817564012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1009817564012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1009817564012                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1009817564012                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179767171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179767171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179767171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179767171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179767171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179767171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21110.768879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21110.768879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21110.768879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21110.768879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21110.768879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21110.768879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       294338                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 42048.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4093644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4093644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4093644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4093644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4093644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4093644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43740595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43740595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43740595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43740595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43740595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43740595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 785758793070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 785758793070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 785758793070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 785758793070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 785758793070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 785758793070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17964.062745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17964.062745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17964.062745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17964.062745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17964.062745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17964.062745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4655517                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4377437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4655533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.940265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376905                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4376905                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4376905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376905                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4376905                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4656251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4656251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4656251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4656251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4656251                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4656251                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78057541942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78057541942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78057541942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  78057541942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78057541942                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  78057541942                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9033156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9033156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9033156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9033156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9033156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9033156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.515462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.515462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.515462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16764.032253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16764.032253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16764.032253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16764.032253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16764.032253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16764.032253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        28125                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        28125                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4656251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4656251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4656251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4656251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4656251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4656251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63796389568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  63796389568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63796389568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  63796389568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63796389568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  63796389568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13701.235085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13701.235085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13701.235085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13701.235085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13701.235085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13701.235085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17592502                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       4977009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17592518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.282905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4976817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4976817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4976817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4976817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4976817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4976817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17603419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17603419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17603419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17603419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17603419                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17603419                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 286937898218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 286937898218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 286937898218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 286937898218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 286937898218                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 286937898218                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22580236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22580236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22580236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22580236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22580236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22580236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.779594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.779594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.779594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16300.123187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16300.123187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16300.123187                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16300.123187                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16300.123187                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16300.123187                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        28762                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        28762                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17603419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17603419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17603419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17603419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17603419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17603419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233231733942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 233231733942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233231733942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 233231733942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233231733942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 233231733942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13249.229252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13249.229252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13249.229252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13249.229252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13249.229252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13249.229252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17352068                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.826330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279669531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17352579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.116886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.826330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180083076                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180083076                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98448189                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98448189                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278531265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278531265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278531265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278531265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21552721                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21552721                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4399739                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4399739                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     25952460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      25952460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     25952460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     25952460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 569838825185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 569838825185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114093467598                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114093467598                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 683932292783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 683932292783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 683932292783                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 683932292783                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201635797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201635797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102847928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102847928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304483725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304483725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304483725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304483725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.106889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26439.298555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26439.298555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25931.871776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25931.871776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26353.274132                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26353.274132                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26353.274132                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26353.274132                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8410372                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8410372                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7509993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7509993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        53491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        53491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7563484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7563484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7563484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7563484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14042728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14042728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4346248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4346248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18388976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18388976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18388976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18388976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 318148983489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 318148983489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97808941341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97808941341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 415957924830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 415957924830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 415957924830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 415957924830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10889601249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10889601249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16184225833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16184225833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27073827082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27073827082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042259                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042259                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22655.781946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22655.781946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22504.224642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22504.224642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22619.961265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22619.961265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22619.961265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22619.961265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3296106594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231391597                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231391597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42884301                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    197220225                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103661252                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1485135414                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1055036388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231391597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103661252                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329281250                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      155598384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          83668697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     397679230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       738976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1968223                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        179767178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30327568                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1189617                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2409661274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.262912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2088942138     86.69%     86.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20065839      0.83%     87.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14606512      0.61%     88.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26537673      1.10%     89.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22682572      0.94%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27632771      1.15%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19602735      0.81%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16799378      0.70%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       172791656      7.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2409661274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070201                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.320086                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1545320925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    442475972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304390256                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6284686                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111189435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1914533383                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1117                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111189435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1566131956                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      143314822                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    254701331                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        288903286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45420444                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1836249438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       662770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7341207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29736789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       210808                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1994606246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4565859639                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4565770035                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        89604                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1203182797                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       791423438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6212592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6247462                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        140481073                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259178056                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159107560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16394685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15208875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1703445443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8991813                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1539891928                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7787819                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    569450000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    760057952                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3322540                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2409661274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.639049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.413459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1833765627     76.10%     76.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    197937017      8.21%     84.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124362448      5.16%     89.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85133413      3.53%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69605188      2.89%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49133206      2.04%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36532731      1.52%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10986544      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2205100      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2409661274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4487921     42.07%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4096640     38.40%     80.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2082571     19.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18596576      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1143790665     74.28%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236183463     15.34%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141321224      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1539891928                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.467185                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10667132                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5514528536                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2282292429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1464242938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41284                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24672                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20348                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1531941819                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20665                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23187357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     94858177                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       501822                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       451722                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56230223                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       199845                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111189435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82655311                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1912455                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1712437256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29436619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259178056                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159107560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7918252                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        932532                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        73470                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       451722                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14213684                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33780454                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47994138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1493791991                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225076357                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46099937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           360780831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       157981078                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135704474                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.453199                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1467143792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1464263286                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        921181660                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1419371341                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.444240                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649007                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    629062266                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5669273                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43110974                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2299374616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.471135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.423612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1942654727     84.49%     84.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128222616      5.58%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57796994      2.51%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63142102      2.75%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33431972      1.45%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14961656      0.65%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11989395      0.52%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7800220      0.34%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39374934      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2299374616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586109747                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083316460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267197212                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164319876                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             576577                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125399338                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1078746956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39374934                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3971081164                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3536416826                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26159832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              886445320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            38112303                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586109747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083316460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586109747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.623702                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.623702                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.177819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.177819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2860353700                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1575906341                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20348                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      703295667                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5318335                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2846963648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       513304455                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3364057823                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2846963648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2846963648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358028781                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       365593217                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355870456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81279848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           437387120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51636163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51817485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2480781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       849240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2563375108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          462173749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3028961079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2563375108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2563375108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3389266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3421670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         322365221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            329176157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3395843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5902450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       849240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2563375108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         784538970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3358137236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33388705                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45023                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12930798                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20457907                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22512                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22512                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21760                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3335219041                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268784889                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   513646069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           511933785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36650460                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  511933785                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1320204877                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        566478074                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133133809                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81363643                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51770166                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2734465280.941783                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             600753760.058216                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.180124                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.819876                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
