
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 159474                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   281704                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               86037168                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682816                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1206171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              276608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7991605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    201701160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    536479915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              750863404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    201701160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         201874890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7991605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    201701160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    536479915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             750863404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           519                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2175.919288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              47                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.090559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          291.471898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.208120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.106988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.054198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.383049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    543.158135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1305.536906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.071160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.318735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.531230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          190                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          540                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1030                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1030                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          190                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          572                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2386                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3633                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4343                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4749280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1795918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120284004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244829431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      371658633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       483780                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       483780                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73582683                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73582683                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4749280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1795918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120284004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318412114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       445241316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4749280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1795918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120284004                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318412114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      445241316                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1030                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1030                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              742                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.459990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.956815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.956873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.502662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.502662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101048.510638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105642.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102456.562181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102610.826069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102300.752271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        16126                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16126                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103783.755994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103637.581690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101048.510638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105642.235294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102456.562181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102879.519871                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102519.299102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101048.510638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105642.235294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102456.562181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102879.519871                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102519.299102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  45                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       45                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4490280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1703118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    113803423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    231610806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    351607627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1489440                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1489440                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69695083                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69695083                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4490280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1703118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    113803423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301305889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    421302710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4490280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1703118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    113803423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301305889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    421302710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.956815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.501505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.612735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.501505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95537.872340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100183.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96936.476150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97070.748533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97021.972130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49648                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49648                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98300.540197                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98300.540197                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95537.872340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100183.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96936.476150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97352.468174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97231.181629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95537.872340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100183.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96936.476150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97352.468174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97231.181629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1983.073495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            9.683322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.328603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.484808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.490547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    552.582304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1377.503940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              45                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   45                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2380                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3613                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4323                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4319580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109657245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    223469934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      339091377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67270041                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67270041                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4319580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109657245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290739975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       406361418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4319580                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109657245                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290739975                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      406361418                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.994495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.995395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.995395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93903.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96742.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94450.684755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93894.930252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93853.135068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94880.170663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94746.536620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93903.913043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96742.235294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94450.684755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94121.066688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93999.865371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93903.913043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96742.235294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94450.684755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94121.066688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93999.865371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3676806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93338537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189984356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288408887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57237862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57237862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3676806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93338537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247222218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345646749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3676806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93338537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247222218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345646749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79930.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82893.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80394.950043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79825.359664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80024.663430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80730.411848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80730.411848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79930.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82893.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80394.950043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80033.090968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80140.679110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79930.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82893.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80394.950043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80033.090968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80140.679110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1420                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               333.767226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.338028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.543382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   333.223844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.650828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.651889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31502                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31502                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2250                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2251                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164250024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164250024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164250024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164250024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164250024                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164250024                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73000.010667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72967.580631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73000.010667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72967.580631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73000.010667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72967.580631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129408603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129408603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129408603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129408603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129408603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129408603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67541.024530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67541.024530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67541.024530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67541.024530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67541.024530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67541.024530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          198                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.668599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.479798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019265612000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.511858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.156741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.572296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.666787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1163                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1163                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4578374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4578374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4578374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4578374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4578374                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4578374                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19482.442553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19156.376569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19482.442553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19156.376569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19482.442553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19156.376569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3833974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3833974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3833974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3833974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3833974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3833974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16314.782979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16314.782979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16314.782979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16314.782979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16314.782979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16314.782979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2859                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.406893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.681007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125008300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.665020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.741873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.858867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.900431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2197                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2200                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2197                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2200                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2904                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2909                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2904                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2909                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34118257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34118257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34118257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34118257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34118257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34118257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.569387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.569387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.569387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11748.711088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11728.517360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11748.711088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11728.517360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11748.711088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11728.517360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25108464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25108464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25108464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25108464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25108464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25108464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8646.165289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8646.165289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8646.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8646.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8646.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8646.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3157                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               478.970695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.750079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019082117300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.349805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.620891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.934806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45154                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45157                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21992                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21992                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67149                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7384                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7386                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          803                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          804                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8187                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    701145860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    701145860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79897369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79897369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    781043229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    781043229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    781043229                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    781043229                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035269                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94954.748104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94929.036014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99498.591532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99374.837065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95400.418835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95365.473626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95400.418835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95365.473626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1011                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1011                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255151901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255151901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76794240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76794240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331946141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331946141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331946141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331946141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87171.814486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87171.814486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95753.416459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95753.416459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89017.468758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89017.468758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89017.468758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89017.468758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56537                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37581                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24453                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       156543                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                265070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56537                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          30463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        479858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1821                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33734                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2821                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             78                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       751190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.647033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          669542     89.13%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9068      1.21%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5211      0.69%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3755      0.50%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5765      0.77%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5503      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5326      0.71%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3401      0.45%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43619      5.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       751190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239614                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          160344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       488145                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74371                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         23783                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        468566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         23783                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          169742                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         394416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        63201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69509                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        30537                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        447329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          151                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       537436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1167516                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1167516                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       334939                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          202430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            73472                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66333                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        29713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1860                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            423186                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2155                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           370071                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2235                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       141525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          678                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       751190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.492646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.221254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       602229     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        55634      7.41%     87.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34373      4.58%     92.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22666      3.02%     95.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16251      2.16%     97.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10643      1.42%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6713      0.89%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2252      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          429      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       751190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            785     34.18%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           794     34.57%     68.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          718     31.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2939      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       280368     75.76%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59272     16.02%     92.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27492      7.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        370071                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.334532                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2297                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006207                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1497325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       566980                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       357288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        369429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4319                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21721                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          122                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6918                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         23783                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         356440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4099                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       425341                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3754                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66333                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           45                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          122                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5356                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       362410                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57069                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               83989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37293                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             26920                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327606                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                358279                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               357288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248597                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           397503                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322976                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625397                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       146999                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       727569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       635223     87.31%     87.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        36182      4.97%     92.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13997      1.92%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15224      2.09%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7170      0.99%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3462      0.48%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2933      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2216      0.30%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11162      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       727569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156366                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        278244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67400                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44605                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30731                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           277866                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11162                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1140708                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             874459                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 355046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               278244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.074658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.074658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141350                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141350                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          724968                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         416700                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         167917                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.091737                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1091736623547                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6111503893152                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52121                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    97341                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               66553539                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4658804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 16403.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   854980479                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1596764493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3535360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       164928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       966784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11877952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            16615104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       966784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         966784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12584960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         12584960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       185593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               259611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         196640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              196640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        23039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3238290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       151069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       885547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10879870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               15218967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       885547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            885547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         11527469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              11527469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         11527469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        23039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3238290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       151069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       885547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10879870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              26746436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105105                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.475478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.523530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020556893000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.115984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.359494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18685                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18685                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8141                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8141                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26826                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26826                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103799                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99355                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101083                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204909                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4605463261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4606551261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126019784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6701125000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6827144784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127107784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11306588261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11433696045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127107784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11306588261                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11433696045                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       229980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       229980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40296.296296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44369.052313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44367.993191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72928.115741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67446.278496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67539.989751                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72426.087749                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55655.257888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55798.896315                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72426.087749                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55655.257888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55798.896315                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       568800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  56                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10157.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56785                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56785                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       747200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3322048322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3322795522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105216192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5473299300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5578515492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105963392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8795347622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8901311014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105963392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8795347622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8901311014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924267                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925465                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27674.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32004.627424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32003.501262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        60889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55088.312616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55187.474570                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60378.001140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43293.991858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43440.312597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60378.001140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43293.991858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43440.312597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27422874                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4041.594356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        57205945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27426916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.085759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024275981952                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          504.682770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.378649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    41.762776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2744.356071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    687.412376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.123214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.670009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.167825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17321720                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4357973                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24592969                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5821750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               52094412                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7090814                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              7090814                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1006355                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1006355                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1203749                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1203749                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17321720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4357973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24592969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7025499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                53298161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17321720                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4357973                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24592969                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7025499                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               53298161                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       325823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169542                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18897948                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6059404                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25452717                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51002                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             51002                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1870684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1870684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       325823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18897948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7930088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27323401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       325823                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169542                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18897948                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7930088                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27323401                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7388217052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3694171943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417880237238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152700374977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   581663001210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2230810390                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2230810390                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56364253459                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  56364253459                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7388217052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3694171943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417880237238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 209064628436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    638027254669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7388217052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3694171943                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417880237238                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 209064628436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   638027254669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17647543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4527515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43490917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11881154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77547129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7090814                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          7090814                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1057357                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1057357                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3074433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3074433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17647543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4527515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43490917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14955587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            80621562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17647543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4527515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43490917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14955587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           80621562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.510001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.328223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048235                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.048235                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.608465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.608465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.530243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.338909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.530243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.338909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22675.554065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21789.125662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22112.466244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25200.560150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22852.688034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43739.664915                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43739.664915                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30130.291091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30130.291091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22675.554065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21789.125662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22112.466244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26363.468909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23350.945758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22675.554065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21789.125662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22112.466244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26363.468909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23350.945758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3836662                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3836662                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18897948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6059404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25449909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51002                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        51002                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1870684                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1870684                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18897948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7930088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27320593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18897948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7930088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27320593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5624491422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2756207171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310697932034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119379698157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 438458328784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2774198004                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2774198004                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45841799720                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45841799720                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5624491422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2756207171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310697932034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165221497877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 484300128504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5624491422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2756207171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310697932034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165221497877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 484300128504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10244937197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10244937197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15352108148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15352108148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25597045345                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25597045345                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.510001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048235                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048235                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.608465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.530243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.338875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.530243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17349.260383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16370.428361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16440.829027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19701.557803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17228.286702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54393.906200                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54393.906200                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24505.367940                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24505.367940                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17349.260383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16370.428361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16440.829027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20834.762222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17726.559907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17349.260383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16370.428361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16440.829027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20834.762222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17726.559907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        204683                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32350.063267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        28960895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        237194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        122.097924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18339.494992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.055846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   442.748494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   139.045592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5506.442627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7922.257207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.559677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.168043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.241768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321615                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167663                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18882834                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5904742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25276854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3836662                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3836662                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1384                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1384                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1676878                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1676878                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18882834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7581620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                26953732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321615                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167663                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18882834                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7581620                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               26953732                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       154662                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               173055                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75703                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             75703                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       167721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             167721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       322383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                340776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       322383                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               340776                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    238998946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65243231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1413665322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9259847355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10977754854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1937159262                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1937159262                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15116353216                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  15116353216                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    238998946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65243231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1413665322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24376200571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     26094108070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    238998946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65243231                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1413665322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24376200571                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    26094108070                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18897948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6059404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25449909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3836662                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3836662                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        77087                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           77087                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1844599                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1844599                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18897948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7904003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27294508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18897948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7904003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27294508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982046                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.982046                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.090925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.012485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.012485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92743.091191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92939.075499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93533.500198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59871.509194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63435.063153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25588.936528                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25588.936528                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90127.969759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90127.969759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92743.091191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92939.075499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93533.500198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75612.549579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76572.610953                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92743.091191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92939.075499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93533.500198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75612.549579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76572.610953                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              139855                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   139855                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       154662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75703                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        75703                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       167721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        167721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       322383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           340776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       322383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          340776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    202874087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55366378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1200477962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7079951271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8538669698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3905940641                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3905940641                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12718900598                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12718900598                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    202874087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55366378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1200477962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19798851869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21257570296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    202874087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55366378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1200477962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19798851869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21257570296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9129219947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9129219947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13672401733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13672401733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22801621680                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22801621680                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982046                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982046                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78724.907645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78869.484330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79428.209739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45776.928211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49340.785866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51595.585921                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51595.585921                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75833.679730                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75833.679730                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78724.907645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78869.484330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79428.209739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61414.069194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62379.892645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78724.907645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78869.484330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79428.209739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61414.069194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62379.892645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33966551                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45802                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20811965                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13154587                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22901                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22901                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21472                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43490928                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               130637294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43491440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.003747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5019832190224                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130625497                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      130625497                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130625497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       130625497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130625497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      130625497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47520555                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47520555                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47520555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47520555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47520555                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47520555                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 987881056980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 987881056980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 987881056980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 987881056980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 987881056980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 987881056980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    178146052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    178146052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    178146052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    178146052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    178146052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    178146052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20788.499987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20788.499987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20788.499987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20788.499987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20788.499987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20788.499987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       326350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40793.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4029613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4029613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4029613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4029613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4029613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4029613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43490942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43490942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43490942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43490942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43490942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43490942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 765636321108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 765636321108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 765636321108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 765636321108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 765636321108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 765636321108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17604.500751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17604.500751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17604.500751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17604.500751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17604.500751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17604.500751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4529648                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.996196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4287534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4529664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.946546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287072                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4287072                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4287072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287072                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4287072                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4530352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4530352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4530352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4530352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4530352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4530352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74742102844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74742102844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74742102844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  74742102844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74742102844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  74742102844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8817424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8817424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8817424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8817424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8817424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8817424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.513795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.513795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.513795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16498.078481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16498.078481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16498.078481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16498.078481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16498.078481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16498.078481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        39735                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        39735                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4530352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4530352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4530352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4530352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4530352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4530352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60862502920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60862502920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60862502920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60862502920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60862502920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60862502920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13434.387200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13434.387200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13434.387200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13434.387200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13434.387200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13434.387200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17651517                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5026856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17651533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.284783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5026669                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5026669                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5026669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5026669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5026669                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5026669                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17662457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17662457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17662457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17662457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17662457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17662457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 282170305033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 282170305033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 282170305033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 282170305033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 282170305033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 282170305033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22689126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22689126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22689126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22689126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22689126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22689126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.778455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.778455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.778455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15975.710799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15975.710799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15975.710799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15975.710799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15975.710799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15975.710799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        21849                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        21849                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17662457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17662457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17662457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17662457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17662457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17662457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228250361161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 228250361161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228250361161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 228250361161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228250361161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 228250361161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12922.911074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12922.911074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12922.911074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12922.911074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12922.911074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12922.911074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14914367                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.825915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               282278372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14914879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.925958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.825915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    182445193                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      182445193                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98618838                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98618838                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    281064031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       281064031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    281064031                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      281064031                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18444147                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18444147                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4147198                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4147198                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22591345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      22591345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22591345                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     22591345                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 513124031127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 513124031127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111420444425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 111420444425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 624544475552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 624544475552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 624544475552                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 624544475552                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    200889340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    200889340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102766036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102766036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    303655376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    303655376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    303655376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    303655376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.091812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040356                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040356                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27820.426237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27820.426237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26866.439564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26866.439564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27645.298478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27645.298478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27645.298478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27645.298478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7029231                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          7029231                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6557982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6557982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        35562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        35562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6593544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6593544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6593544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6593544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11886165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11886165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4111636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4111636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15997801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15997801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15997801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15997801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287590961108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 287590961108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  96270422491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96270422491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 383861383599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 383861383599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 383861383599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 383861383599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10696600928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10696600928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15952247118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15952247118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26648848046                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26648848046                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24195.437394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24195.437394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23414.140379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23414.140379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23994.634237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23994.634237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23994.634237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23994.634237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3239179411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       229611958                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    229611958                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42532012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    195539985                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       102561305                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1458180431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1047798067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          229611958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    102561305                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            326930160                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      153186170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          81649702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     389882018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       719971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1924007                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        178146060                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30022800                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1139018                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2368456810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.828213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.273277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2050036159     86.56%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19945277      0.84%     87.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14488316      0.61%     88.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26317402      1.11%     89.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22559202      0.95%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27296844      1.15%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19424213      0.82%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16667793      0.70%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       171721604      7.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2368456810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.323476                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1516742736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    434151040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        302166564                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6226005                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     109170465                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1901188413                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          851                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     109170465                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1537477917                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      143661652                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    246225803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        286706028                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45214945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1823130496                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       645211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7222897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29741015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       189991                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1981124730                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4533634504                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4533548236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        86268                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1202378946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       778745781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6172689                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6218537                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        140020556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    257227753                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    158027133                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15814308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14461912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1691521528                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8940640                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1531314005                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7459036                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    558790310                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    747250101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3282169                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2368456810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.646545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.423326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1798207785     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    194983217      8.23%     84.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    122661448      5.18%     89.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     84321236      3.56%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     68998196      2.91%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49261939      2.08%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36669342      1.55%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11103523      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2250124      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2368456810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4547709     42.13%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4116557     38.14%     80.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2129352     19.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18515811      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1137287020     74.27%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    234900780     15.34%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140610394      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1531314005                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.472748                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10793618                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007049                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5455988842                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2259617424                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1456000280                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40787                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        23166                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20209                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1523571410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20402                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22669464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     93042953                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       499938                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       408212                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     55232730                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       198133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     109170465                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82982411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1847097                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1700462168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29010856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    257227753                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    158027133                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7882134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        863895                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        72436                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       408212                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14031254                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33626546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47657800                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1485186676                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    223812207                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46127329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           358819368                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       157121437                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135007161                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.458507                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1458909699                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1456020489                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        915516811                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1409875471                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.449503                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649360                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    617786704                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5658471                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42755185                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2260188556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.478971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1901151266     84.11%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    129501554      5.73%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     58400452      2.58%     92.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     64093309      2.84%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33761404      1.49%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15033449      0.67%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12205479      0.54%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7797343      0.34%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38244300      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2260188556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    585768084                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1082563921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             266979201                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164184798                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577275                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125329126                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1077998177                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     38244300                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3921003614                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3510337737                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25187338                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              870722601                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            34965752                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          585768084                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1082563921                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    585768084                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.529798                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.529798                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.180838                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.180838                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2846879926                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1567942119                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20209                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      699196826                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5303993                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2836650840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511123052                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3351564396                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2836650840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2836650840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356528393                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364092829                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354581355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         80966328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           435784595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51430311                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51611631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2523715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       864655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        76934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2598292279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          468174321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3069938595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2598292279                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2598292279                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3447923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3480887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         326569967                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            333498777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3454613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6004602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       864655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        76934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2598292279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         794744287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3403437372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33966551                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45802                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13154587                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20811965                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22901                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22901                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21372                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3278479821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267805834                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   511704882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           509999815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36534855                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  509999815                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1315219124                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564397099                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132611437                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81048959                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51562478                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2679977886.989001                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598501934.010999                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182555                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817445                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
