
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58199                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   103582                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32037660                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        943005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    427003064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    230616763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              977323560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    427003064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         427661342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    427003064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    230616763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1282764601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.617488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001365801000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.617488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.601093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.601093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1685400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10803.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1264                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1456.814970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.306171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           53.834129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.538760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.180643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.024645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.217957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.685399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.059767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    992.945152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    381.328517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.242418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.355668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2501                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          246                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4200                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             362                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  362                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2501                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4240                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2357                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          910                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3332                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                239                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2357                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1147                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3443365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       688024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211348739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88742324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      304222452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24218009                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24218009                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3443365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       688024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211348739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112960333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       328440461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3443365                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       688024                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211348739                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112960333                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      328440461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          362                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              362                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.632922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.787197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.442379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855596                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.856631                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.632922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.800419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.457176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.632922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.800419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.457176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76519.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76447.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89668.535851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97519.037363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91303.256903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102185.691983                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101330.581590                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76519.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76447.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89668.535851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98483.289451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91974.366004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76519.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76447.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89668.535851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98483.289451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91974.366004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  52                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       52                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3197488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198257394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83748805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    285842467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22903661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22903661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3197488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198257394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106652466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    308746128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3197488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198257394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106652466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    308746128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3823737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3823737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11324793                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11324793                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.632922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.787197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.632922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.800419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.455511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.632922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.800419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71055.288889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70975.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84114.295291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92031.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86071.203553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96639.919831                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96639.919831                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71055.288889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70975.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84114.295291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92983.841325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86775.190556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71055.288889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70975.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84114.295291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92983.841325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86775.190556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1826.093673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            5.198110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.520208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.249956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1258.037642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    523.087852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    519                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              52                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   52                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    523                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1946                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1946                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3046                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2865888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185163281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79376847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      267979396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21852667                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21852667                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2865888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185163281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101229514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       289832063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2865888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185163281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101229514                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      289832063                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.901099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.844238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982979                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.983122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.853460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.853460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95529.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95563.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95150.709661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96801.032927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95264.627089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94600.290043                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93788.270386                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95529.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95563.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95150.709661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96317.330162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95151.695010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95529.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95563.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95150.709661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96317.330162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95151.695010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2450088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157815032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67899445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228653879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18565633                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18565633                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2450088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157815032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86465078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247219512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2450088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157815032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86465078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247219512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3403170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3403170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10114770                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10114770                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.901099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.849818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81669.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81552.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81097.138746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82804.201220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81603.811206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80370.705628                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80370.705628                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81669.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81552.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81097.138746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82269.341579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81509.895153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81669.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81552.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81097.138746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82269.341579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81509.895153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3215                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.646695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.013997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369177300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.024845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.621851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22995                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23009                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22995                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23009                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4418                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4415                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4418                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294827630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294827630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294827630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294827630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294827630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294827630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66778.625142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66733.279765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66778.625142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66733.279765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66778.625142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66733.279765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230705401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230705401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230705401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230705401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230705401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230705401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61950.966971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61950.966971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61950.966971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61950.966971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61950.966971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61950.966971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           83                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.455868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           83                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.734940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.252705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.203163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          468                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          465                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          468                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1891385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1891385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1891385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1891385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1891385                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1891385                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20558.532609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19909.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20558.532609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19909.315789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20558.532609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19909.315789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1603988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1603988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1603988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1603988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1603988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1603988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17434.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17434.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17434.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17434.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17434.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17434.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2538                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.881043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.088652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.835237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          307                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          307                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          307                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          307                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2548                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2554                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2548                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32174237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32174237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32174237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32174237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32174237                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32174237                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.892695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.892695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.892695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12627.251570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12597.586922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12627.251570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12597.586922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12627.251570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12597.586922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24331277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24331277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24331277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24331277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24331277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24331277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9549.166797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9549.166797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9549.166797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9549.166797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9549.166797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9549.166797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   925                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               421.980406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   17686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.120000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001439601300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.269503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   418.710904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.817795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.824180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29579                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29580                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15661                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15664                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45240                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45244                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2254                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    193900329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193900329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27417671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27417671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    221318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    221318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018673                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86101.389432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86024.990683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92005.607383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91392.236667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86791.372549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86655.442443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86791.372549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86655.442443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          362                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              362                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94550669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94550669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25393374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25393374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119944043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119944043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119944043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119944043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3990960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3990960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7795888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7795888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11786848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11786848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81791.236159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81791.236159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88478.655052                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88478.655052                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83121.304920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83121.304920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83121.304920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83121.304920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  779035                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41465                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41465                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6330                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30509                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16511                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175153                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                196489                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41465                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58223                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        146681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          882                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27410                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3814                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             35                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       402003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.909598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.385920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          344973     85.81%     85.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2806      0.70%     86.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2127      0.53%     87.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2892      0.72%     87.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4554      1.13%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4111      1.02%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5498      1.37%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2170      0.54%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32872      8.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       402003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053226                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.252221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174177                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       154378                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18489                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        351604                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18489                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85451                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56390                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50477                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12519                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        334475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          100                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       370346                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       833617                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       833527                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       232252                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          138077                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1011                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1016                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43116                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24515                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2122                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1158                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            311212                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1732                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           278198                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       100811                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       148086                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          883                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       402003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.692030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.457298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       299119     74.41%     74.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33835      8.42%     82.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21510      5.35%     88.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17789      4.43%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12154      3.02%     95.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9158      2.28%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5924      1.47%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2086      0.52%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          428      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       402003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            668     46.49%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           401     27.91%     74.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          368     25.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2964      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       215915     77.61%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38291     13.76%     92.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21018      7.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        278198                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.357106                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1437                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       962279                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       413844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       265113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        276657                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4367                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15627                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8511                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           35                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18489                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       312944                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4892                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43116                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24515                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1295                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1226                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7507                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       270076                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36274                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27876                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20014                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.346680                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                265930                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               265122                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           174980                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           277736                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.340321                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630023                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       108451                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          849                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6453                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       383586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.489798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       315160     82.16%     82.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24645      6.42%     88.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12584      3.28%     91.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10626      2.77%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6291      1.64%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3487      0.91%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1852      0.48%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2466      0.64%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6475      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       383586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111514                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        204464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43491                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27487                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22796                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           202618                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6475                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              689886                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             644448                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2548                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 377032                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96818                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111514                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               204464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111514                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.985984                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.985984                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143144                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143144                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          525066                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         291826                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         116891                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           691                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.103104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                103104067392                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15104937031578                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26493                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48327                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30789724                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4596176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3348.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88717097                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     161830746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1127232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        67264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5135936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18440832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26526208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5135936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5135936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11511424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11511424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        80249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       288138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               414472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         179866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              179866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     16009921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            10932954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1011173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     49813127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    178856494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              257276058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     49813127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          49813127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        111648592                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             111648592                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        111648592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     16009921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           10932954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1011173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     49813127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    178856494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             368924650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44892                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.841906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.012114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     5.034208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.807698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.314638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.612981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             60                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                60                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            10                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               10                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             70                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                70                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2148                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17671                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43591                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19819                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    123032948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140664948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4568038760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1695351000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6263389760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4585670760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1818383948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6404054708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4585670760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1818383948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6404054708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.972826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.977038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43535.802469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 57277.908752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55097.903643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176236.063272                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 95939.731764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143685.388268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174194.520798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 91749.530652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138784.125954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174194.520798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 91749.530652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138784.125954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32170500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2922                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11009.753593                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42960                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42960                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12516500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     96451279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108967779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4255671736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1481980400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5737652136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4268188236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1578431679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5846619915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4268188236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1578431679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5846619915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.972826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999434                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30904.938272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 44902.830074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42682.247944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164184.866358                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 83865.112331                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131624.696291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162134.405926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79642.347192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126703.794968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162134.405926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79642.347192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126703.794968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1425390                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3406.491928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2540661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1428473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.778585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          662.468872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    77.824177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    34.143957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1449.488811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1182.564060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.161736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.353879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.288712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.831663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       374325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47651                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       534495                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       879172                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1835643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          911549                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               911549                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        42872                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               42872                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44449                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                44449                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       374325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       534495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       923621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1880092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       374325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       534495                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       923621                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1880092                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33750                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18488                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       657346                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       507261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1216845                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4971                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4971                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       174922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             174922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       657346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       682183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1391767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33750                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18488                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       657346                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       682183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1391767                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    890648118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    499024539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20995478152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26240941744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    48626092553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201980570                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    201980570                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12727932703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  12727932703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    890648118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    499024539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20995478152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38968874447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     61354025256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    890648118                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    499024539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20995478152                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38968874447                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    61354025256                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       408075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1191841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1386433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3052488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       911549                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           911549                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47843                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           47843                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       219371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           219371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       408075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1191841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1605804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3271859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       408075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1191841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1605804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3271859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.082705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.279532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.365875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.398640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103902                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.103902                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.797380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.082705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.279532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.425375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.082705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.279532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.425375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26389.573867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26991.807605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31939.767112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51730.650975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39960.794146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40631.778314                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40631.778314                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72763.475738                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.475738                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26389.573867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26991.807605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31939.767112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57123.784156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44083.546496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26389.573867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26991.807605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31939.767112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57123.784156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44083.546496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              364558                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   364558                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                85                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       657342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       507261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1216760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4971                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4971                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       174922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        174922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       657342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       682183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1391682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       657342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       682183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1391682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    706197464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    396909007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17275803132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23431352987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41810262590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    325862330                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325862330                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11753195185                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11753195185                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    706197464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    396909007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17275803132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35184548172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53563457775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    706197464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    396909007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17275803132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35184548172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53563457775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    255805464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    255805464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    411540710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    411540710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    667346174                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    667346174                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.082659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.365875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103902                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103902                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.082659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.425349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.082659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20936.155584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21540.703734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26281.301259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46191.907099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34361.963403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65552.671495                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65552.671495                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67191.063360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67191.063360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20936.155584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21540.703734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26281.301259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51576.407169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38488.288111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20936.155584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21540.703734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26281.301259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51576.407169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38488.288111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        343953                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30900.120330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1211308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        376169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.220116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8959.189015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.127234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.187242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.220009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.019025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    73.364611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9247.615297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12469.397897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.273413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.282215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.380536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.942997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        17375                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       577090                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       326169                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 952736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          364558                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               364558                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1552                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1552                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        65824                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                65824                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        17375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       577090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       391993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1018560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        17375                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       577090                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       391993                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1018560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1629                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1051                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        80252                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       181092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               264024                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3802                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3802                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       108715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             108715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        80252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       289807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                372739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1629                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        80252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       289807                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               372739                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    153178051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     98449269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7508371589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16892835621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    24652834530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138289450                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    138289450                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10277570452                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10277570452                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    153178051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     98449269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7508371589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27170406073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     34930404982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    153178051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     98449269                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7508371589                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27170406073                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    34930404982                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       657342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       507261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1216760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       364558                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           364558                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5354                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5354                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       174539                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           174539                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       657342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       681800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1391299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       657342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       681800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1391299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.216989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710123                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.710123                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.622869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.622869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.267907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.267907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94031.952732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93671.997146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93559.931080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93283.168892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93373.460481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36372.816938                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36372.816938                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94536.820604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94536.820604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94031.952732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93671.997146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93559.931080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93753.449962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93712.772160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94031.952732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93671.997146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93559.931080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93753.449962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93712.772160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              136907                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   136907                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        80252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       181092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          264024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3802                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3802                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       108715                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        108715                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        80252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       289807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           372739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        80252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       289807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          372739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    130348428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     83684948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6377596903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14343689521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20935319800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    272302443                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272302443                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8734760357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8734760357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    130348428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     83684948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6377596903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23078449878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29670080157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    130348428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     83684948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6377596903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23078449878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29670080157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    228173262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    228173262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    367127136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    367127136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    595300398                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    595300398                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710123                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710123                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.622869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.267907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80017.451197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79624.117983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79469.631947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79206.643700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79293.245311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71620.842451                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71620.842451                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80345.493787                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80345.493787                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80017.451197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79624.117983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79469.631947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79633.859355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79600.149587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80017.451197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79624.117983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79469.631947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79633.859355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79600.149587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30011                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        431                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                82360980                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1200                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061469                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         11639                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2328599                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 80032381                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4180                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7458                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 486                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1191841                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12076870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1192353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.128603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12068892                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12068892                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12068892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12068892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12068892                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12068892                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1340754                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1340754                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1340754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1340754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1340754                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1340754                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35430008651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35430008651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35430008651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  35430008651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35430008651                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  35430008651                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13409646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13409646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13409646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13409646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13409646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13409646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26425.435726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26425.435726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26425.435726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26425.435726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26425.435726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26425.435726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3874033                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            115                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33687.243478                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       148909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       148909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       148909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       148909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       148909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       148909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1191845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1191845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1191845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1191845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1191845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1191845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26638516276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26638516276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26638516276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26638516276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26638516276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26638516276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22350.654889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22350.654889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22350.654889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22350.654889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22350.654889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22350.654889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        67713                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.675071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        350497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        67729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.174992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002267198300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.675071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.979692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.979692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349883                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       349883                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       349883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349883                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       349883                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        70865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        70865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70865                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        70865                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1214905377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1214905377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1214905377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1214905377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1214905377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1214905377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       420748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       420748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       420748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       420748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       420748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       420748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17143.940972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17143.940972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17143.940972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17143.940972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17143.940972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17143.940972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    981297658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    981297658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    981297658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    981297658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    981297658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    981297658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13847.423382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13847.423382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13847.423382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13847.423382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13847.423382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13847.423382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       417152                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.855472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1770964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       417167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.245216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.855472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.990967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.990967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1770508                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1770508                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1770508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1770508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1770508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1770508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420325                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       420325                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       420325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       420325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6561456659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6561456659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6561456659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6561456659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6561456659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6561456659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2190833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2190833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2190833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2190833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2190833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2190833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15610.436350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15610.436350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15610.436350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15610.436350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15610.436350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15610.436350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       127392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       127392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       420325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       420325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       420325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5215417582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5215417582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5215417582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5215417582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5215417582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5215417582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12408.059435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12408.059435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12408.059435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12408.059435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12408.059435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12408.059435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1606151                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.971258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24123281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1606663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.014525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.108531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.862727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15364940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15364940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8676448                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8676448                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24041388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24041388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24041388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24041388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2327946                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2327946                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       268921                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       268921                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2596867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2596867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2596867                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2596867                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93813849930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93813849930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15237535134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15237535134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109051385064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 109051385064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109051385064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 109051385064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17692886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17692886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8945369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8945369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26638255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26638255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26638255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26638255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40298.980273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40298.980273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56661.752463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56661.752463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41993.442507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41993.442507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41993.442507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41993.442507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       775598                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           775598                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       939777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       939777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       942200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       942200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       942200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       942200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1388169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1388169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       266498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       266498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1654667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1654667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1654667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1654667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40108438963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40108438963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14168484313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14168484313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54276923276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54276923276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54276923276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54276923276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    266826023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    266826023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    427654843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    427654843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    694480866                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    694480866                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28893.051900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28893.051900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53165.443317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53165.443317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32802.324139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32802.324139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32802.324139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32802.324139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               242181347                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18466921                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18466921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2048635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14387708                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10139867                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     64652672                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87079402                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18466921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10139867                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27234674                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8409862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2157712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      93444939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        31178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       295724                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          898                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13409727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1260429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          30944                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    194020176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.818941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.245387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       167680981     86.42%     86.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1551586      0.80%     87.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1536634      0.79%     88.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2380350      1.23%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2218643      1.14%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1798471      0.93%     91.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1833389      0.94%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1902995      0.98%     93.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13117127      6.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    194020176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076252                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.359563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        67542595                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     94663920                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24213132                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1398150                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6202379                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     154529839                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          498                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6202379                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        69814233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       71473459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13547486                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23173491                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9809128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     149813550                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       155525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3068088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5682970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       199604                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    167784210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    389807735                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    388132756                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1674979                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    120616509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47167804                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       416098                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       415450                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21331760                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     24849810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     11930152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3581111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2172487                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         143246246                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       507866                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        130674216                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       432819                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35096948                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     54937984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       166815                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    194020176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.673508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    138072692     71.16%     71.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21701599     11.19%     82.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14605379      7.53%     89.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8071858      4.16%     94.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5718597      2.95%     96.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3249201      1.67%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1885643      0.97%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       609622      0.31%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105585      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    194020176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         267732     41.25%     41.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6390      0.98%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        249144     38.39%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125768     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       876517      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     95815023     73.32%     73.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     73.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     73.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       430864      0.33%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22643732     17.33%     91.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10908080      8.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     130674216                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.539572                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             649034                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004967                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    455970911                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178038707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126391631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1114555                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       893037                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       516700                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     129891450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         555283                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4358775                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6310075                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        39074                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        86126                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2983034                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        23618                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6202379                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       52052142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       894105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143754112                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1253176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24849810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     11930152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       480420                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        429158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        30540                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        86126                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       984980                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1268610                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2253590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128411773                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22068796                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2262443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32763421                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13961120                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10694625                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.530230                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             127179264                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            126908331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         86151491                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        139481268                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.524022                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.617656                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37311581                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       341051                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2086099                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    187865538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.566563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.606773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    153580047     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13688595      7.29%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4938307      2.63%     91.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5484158      2.92%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2276440      1.21%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1206606      0.64%     96.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       715701      0.38%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818464      0.44%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5157220      2.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    187865538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     59026924                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     106437687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27486870                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18539749                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10381                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12301970                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409585                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        105895034                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5157220                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           326322692                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          293729797                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1005610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               48161171                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            67440350                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           59026924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            106437687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     59026924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.102896                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.102896                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.243730                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.243730                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       260601264                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      140285735                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           853027                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          445780                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       62424512                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        390070                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2107832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       373032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302853592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49072119                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355441271                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302853592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302853592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49851                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34162181                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42064064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       263479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        46629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37856699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7768996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45954958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4686269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4810698                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       148510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            9886943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     20443733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3618014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2937358338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          475947460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3447402998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2937358338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2937358338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     76156375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            483502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         331336890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            407976766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     76304885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          10370444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     20443733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3618014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2937358338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         807284350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3855379764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30011                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       431                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  431                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               82360980                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1200                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061469                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        11639                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                80032381                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2328599                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7458                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4180                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                275                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      309622477                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28623062                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53503814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53070232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390248                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4485649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53070232                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390248                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137639972                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60229518                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652838                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12440126                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7762583                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4677543                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             246880927.518266                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62741549.481734                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.202639                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.797361                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
