
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  74752                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   133062                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               41087926                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      530638                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        944560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    427441916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    231275041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              978420691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    427441916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         428100195                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    427441916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    231275041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1283861731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.573873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001366600000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.573873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.598367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.598367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    244999824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    244999824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245918824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    245918824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245918824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    245918824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41772.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41772.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174005.556818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174005.556818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171971.205594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171971.205594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171971.205594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171971.205594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1576000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11420.289855                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       650800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       650800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228034100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228034100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228684900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228684900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228684900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228684900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29581.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29581.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161956.036932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161956.036932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159919.510490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159919.510490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159919.510490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159919.510490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           109                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1845.109806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.128440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           69.811034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.320223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.183948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.247821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1233.290011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    504.256820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.301096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.450466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2379                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4879                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             517                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  517                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2379                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          150                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4964                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          827                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3078                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3151676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203031937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86907694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      293717953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24237851                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24237851                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3151676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203031937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111145545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       317955804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3151676                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203031937                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111145545                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      317955804                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          517                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              517                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              321                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.368087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733542                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.735202                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.627069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.382741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.627069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.382741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101666.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       104441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103219.083376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105087.900846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103349.033427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103580.559829                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102702.758475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101666.967742                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       104441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103219.083376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104755.461828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103299.481481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101666.967742                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       104441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103219.083376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104755.461828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103299.481481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   4                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        4                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192170245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82375419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278121886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22941251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22941251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192170245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105316670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    301063137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192170245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105316670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    301063137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7508680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7508680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11330340                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11330340                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.627069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.381124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.627069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96212.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        98941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97697.125064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99607.519952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98241.570470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98039.534188                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98039.534188                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96212.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        98941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97697.125064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99261.705938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98226.145840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96212.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        98941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97697.125064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99261.705938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98226.145840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1813.817048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.478385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.492286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.248111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1250.962427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    522.635933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     25                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               4                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    4                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2862976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185268828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79437205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268142255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22059319                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22059319                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2862976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185268828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101496524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       290201574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2862976                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573246                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185268828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101496524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      290201574                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                4                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.991203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95432.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95107.201232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96638.935523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95187.168974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94675.188841                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93869.442553                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95432.533333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95107.201232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96205.236019                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95085.705767                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95432.533333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95107.201232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96205.236019                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95085.705767                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2447176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157886625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67944046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228767025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18747819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18747819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2447176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157886625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86691865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247514844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2447176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157886625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86691865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247514844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6716613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6716613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10117413                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10117413                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81572.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81529.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81050.628850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82656.990268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81527.806486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80462.742489                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80462.742489                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81572.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81529.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81050.628850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82172.383886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81446.148075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81572.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81529.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81050.628850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82172.383886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81446.148075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3258                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.590013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.066605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369971300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.032932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.557081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23368                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23368                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4433                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4436                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4433                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290102884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    290102884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290102884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    290102884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290102884                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    290102884                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.159465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65441.661178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65397.403968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65441.661178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65397.403968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65441.661178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65397.403968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225446647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225446647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225446647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225446647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225446647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225446647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59831.912686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59831.912686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59831.912686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59831.912686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59831.912686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59831.912686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          147                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.446812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.687075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.255101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.191711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.652926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          197                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          200                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          197                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          200                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          156                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2808403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2808403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2808403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2808403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2808403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2808403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.442897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.442897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.442897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18002.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17662.911950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18002.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17662.911950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18002.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17662.911950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2320600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2320600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2320600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2320600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2320600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2320600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14875.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14875.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14875.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14875.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14875.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14875.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2402                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.875910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.088260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.830097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2418                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2418                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32248701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32248701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32248701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32248701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32248701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32248701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13370.108209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13336.931762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13370.108209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13336.931762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13370.108209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13336.931762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24841775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24841775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24841775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24841775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24841775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24841775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10299.243367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10299.243367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10299.243367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10299.243367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10299.243367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10299.243367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1203                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               363.124451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   28350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.566085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.664272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   361.460178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.705977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.709227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29681                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15768                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15771                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45449                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45453                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2604                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2933                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2937                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197270803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    197270803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27715667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27715667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224986470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224986470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224986470                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224986470                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75815.066487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75756.836790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83733.132931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83230.231231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76708.649847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76604.177732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76708.649847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76604.177732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          517                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              517                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95485496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95485496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25693368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25693368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121178864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121178864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121178864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121178864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3997390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3997390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7805628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7805628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11803018                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11803018                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019933                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69545.153678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69545.153678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80041.644860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80041.644860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71534.158205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71534.158205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71534.158205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71534.158205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778718                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           42198                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        42198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6457                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30530                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16718                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                199251                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              42198                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16718                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58960                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        150479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           38                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          377                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27801                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             41                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.911362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.388555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          348832     85.80%     85.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2797      0.69%     86.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2149      0.53%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2975      0.73%     87.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4653      1.14%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4133      1.02%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5424      1.33%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2214      0.54%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           33400      8.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.054189                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.255871                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174012                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       158232                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            52261                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18786                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        356115                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18786                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178694                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          86290                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        59131                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12815                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        338548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          123                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       374400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       843358                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       843268                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       233902                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          140468                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1019                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1023                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            33385                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24717                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1183                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            314924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           281191                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       102506                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       150760                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          824                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.691606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.457390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       302568     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34327      8.44%     82.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21712      5.34%     88.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17787      4.37%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12336      3.03%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9281      2.28%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6061      1.49%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2076      0.51%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          429      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            691     46.19%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           431     28.81%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          374     25.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3102      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       218114     77.57%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38718     13.77%     92.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21247      7.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        281191                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.361095                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1496                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005320                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       972954                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       419207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       268064                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        279571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15933                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          150                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8563                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           41                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18786                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          74244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       316606                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24717                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1283                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           595                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          150                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1223                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7582                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       273138                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36808                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8053                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               57050                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           28215                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20242                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.350753                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                268820                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               268073                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           176813                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           280660                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.344249                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629990                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       110524                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          858                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       387863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.492459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       319213     82.30%     82.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24673      6.36%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12698      3.27%     91.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10516      2.71%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6299      1.62%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3453      0.89%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1825      0.47%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2497      0.64%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6689      1.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       387863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       112311                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        206019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43872                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27728                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22974                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           204167                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6689                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              697577                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             652039                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2492                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 372141                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97135                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             112311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               206019                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       112311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.933586                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.933586                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.144226                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.144226                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          530132                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         294486                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         118415                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           704                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.092914                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92914471188                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15094747435374                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31292                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57148                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33988235                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2733.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    85544087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     156227017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1974208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        87552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5626944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18286656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5626944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5626944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10199808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10199808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        87921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       285729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               409034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         159372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              159372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     21247584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              867206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1315619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       942286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     60560470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    196811710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              281744874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60560470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          60560470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        109776312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             109776312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        109776312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     21247584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             867206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1315619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       942286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     60560470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    196811710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             391521186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48703                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.920256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.880835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.039421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.305052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.627464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.932516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            986                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               986                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16227                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1520                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32560                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17747                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1781769438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1802385438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5444091120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    126682000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5570773120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5464707120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1908451438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7373158558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5464707120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1908451438                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7373158558                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992562                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42507.216495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109802.763172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107849.774892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175389.533505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83343.421053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171092.540541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173345.190167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107536.566068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149641.958069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173345.190167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107536.566068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149641.958069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     51685302                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5237                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9869.257590                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32188                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32188                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14672500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1586443776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1601116276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5070034380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    108098300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5178132680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5084706880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1694542076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6779248956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5084706880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1694542076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6779248956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992562                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30252.577320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97765.685339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95806.383198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163338.736469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71117.302632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159033.558968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161291.257098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95483.297233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137588.264247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161291.257098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95483.297233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137588.264247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1155032                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4039.977131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2397173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1159056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.068212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15037881075600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          946.788078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.117564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.250717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.004020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.014106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    79.528734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    36.398529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1579.508962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1397.366421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.231149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.385622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.341154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       372555                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47286                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       494732                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       789940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1704513                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          853793                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               853793                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32235                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               32235                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        67831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                67831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       372555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       494732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       857771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1772344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       372555                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47286                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       494732                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       857771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1772344                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17890                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11054                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       443060                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               984121                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3928                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3928                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       164704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             164704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       607764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1148825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17890                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11054                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       607764                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1148825                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    561661806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    358808086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18497995845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25087307952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    44505773689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    203510933                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    203510933                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13080571618                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13080571618                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    561661806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    358808086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18497995845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38167879570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     57586345307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    561661806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    358808086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18497995845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38167879570                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    57586345307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       390445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1006849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1233000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2688634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       853793                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           853793                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36163                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36163                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       232535                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           232535                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       390445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1006849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1465535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2921169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       390445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1006849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1465535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2921169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.508633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.366030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108619                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.108619                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.708298                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.708298                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.508633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.508633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31395.293795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32459.569929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36120.644003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56622.822986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45223.883739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51810.318992                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51810.318992                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79418.663894                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79418.663894                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31395.293795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32459.569929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36120.644003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62800.494221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50126.298877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31395.293795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32459.569929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36120.644003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62800.494221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50126.298877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              291718                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   291718                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       443059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          984081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3928                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3928                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       164704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        164704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       607763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1148785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       607763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1148785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    463907197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    297662315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15605973147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22639710450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39007253109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291057253                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    291057253                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12163652234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12163652234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    463907197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    297662315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15605973147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34803362684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51170905343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    463907197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    297662315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15605973147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34803362684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51170905343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    185513475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    185513475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    300563528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    300563528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    486077003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    486077003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.508628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108619                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108619                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.708298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.508628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.393262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.508628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25951.398355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26976.827533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30473.750170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51098.635735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39638.254482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74098.078666                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74098.078666                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73851.589725                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73851.589725                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25951.398355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26976.827533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30473.750170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57264.694764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44543.500605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25951.398355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26976.827533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30473.750170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57264.694764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44543.500605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        350045                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30544.272828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          898388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        382063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.351413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8015.923831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.566228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.393563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.076620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.286705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   174.004693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   114.989947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9226.649450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13009.381792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.244627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.281575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.397015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.932137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15966                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9666                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       424188                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       257957                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 707777                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          291718                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               291718                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          858                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 858                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        48561                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                48561                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       424188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       306518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  756338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15966                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9666                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       424188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       306518                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 756338                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1910                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87924                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       185101                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               276303                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4349                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4349                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       114864                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             114864                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       299965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                391167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1910                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1368                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87924                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       299965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               391167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179076938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    128302557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8224149610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17267461550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    25798990655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101889176                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    101889176                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10858832919                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10858832919                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179076938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    128302557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8224149610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28126294469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     36657823574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179076938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    128302557                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8224149610                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28126294469                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    36657823574                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       512112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       443058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             984080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       291718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           291718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5207                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5207                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       163425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           163425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       512112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       606483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1147505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       512112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       606483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1147505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.106847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.171689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.280773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835222                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.835222                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702855                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.702855                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.106847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.171689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.340885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.106847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.171689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.340885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93757.559162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93788.418860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93537.027547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93286.700504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93372.097498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23428.184870                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23428.184870                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94536.433687                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94536.433687                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93757.559162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93788.418860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93537.027547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93765.254176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93713.998303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93757.559162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93788.418860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93537.027547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93765.254176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93713.998303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              127184                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   127184                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       185101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          276303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       114864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        114864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       299965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           391167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       299965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          391167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152285087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    109086819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6985369375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14662627401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21909368682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    325268370                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325268370                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9228716312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9228716312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152285087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    109086819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6985369375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23891343713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31138084994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152285087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    109086819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6985369375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23891343713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31138084994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    163757045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    163757045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    265803511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    265803511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    429560556                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    429560556                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.106847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.171689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835222                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.835222                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.702855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.106847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.171689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.340885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.106847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.171689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79730.412042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79741.826754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79447.811462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79214.198740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79294.718776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74791.531387                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74791.531387                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80344.723429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80344.723429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79730.412042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79741.826754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79447.811462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79647.104539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79603.046765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79730.412042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79741.826754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79447.811462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79647.104539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79603.046765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031231                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        761                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                91398378                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1200                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061529                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12915                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 88789700                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2608679                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8190                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4725                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 282                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1006850                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11118028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1007362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.036775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11109997                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11109997                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11109997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11109997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11109997                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11109997                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1135651                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1135651                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1135651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1135651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1135651                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1135651                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31925600695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31925600695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31925600695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  31925600695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31925600695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  31925600695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12245648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12245648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12245648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12245648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12245648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12245648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28112.158308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28112.158308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28112.158308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28112.158308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28112.158308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28112.158308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4108434                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33132.532258                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       128796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       128796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       128796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       128796                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       128796                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1006855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1006855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1006855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1006855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1006855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1006855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  23996018588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23996018588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  23996018588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23996018588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  23996018588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23996018588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23832.645801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23832.645801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23832.645801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23832.645801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23832.645801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23832.645801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        59779                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.776154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        309975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        59794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.184049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002265614300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.776154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.986010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.986010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       309509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       309509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       309509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       309509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       309509                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       309509                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62912                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        62912                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        62912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62912                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        62912                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1046505327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1046505327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1046505327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1046505327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1046505327                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1046505327                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       372421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       372421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       372421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16634.431062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16634.431062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16634.431062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16634.431062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16634.431062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16634.431062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         5966                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         5966                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    840786385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    840786385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    840786385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    840786385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    840786385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    840786385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13364.483485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13364.483485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13364.483485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13364.483485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13364.483485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13364.483485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       398119                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.859338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1709402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       398135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.293524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.859338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.991209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.991209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1708806                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1708806                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1708806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1708806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1708806                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1708806                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       401260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       401260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       401260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5850635606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5850635606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5850635606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5850635606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5850635606                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5850635606                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2110066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2110066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2110066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2110066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2110066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2110066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14580.659936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14580.659936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14580.659936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14580.659936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14580.659936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14580.659936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       115343                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       115343                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       401260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4559962983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4559962983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4559962983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4559962983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4559962983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4559962983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11364.110509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11364.110509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11364.110509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11364.110509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11364.110509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11364.110509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1466525                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.662804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21849764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1467037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.893806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.662804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14076453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14076453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7727201                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7727201                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21803654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21803654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21803654                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21803654                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2094920                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2094920                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       270932                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       270932                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2365852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2365852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2365852                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2365852                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86389301465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86389301465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15674987356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15674987356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102064288821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 102064288821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102064288821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 102064288821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16171373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16171373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7998133                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7998133                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24169506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24169506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24169506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24169506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.129545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033874                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033874                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41237.518122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41237.518122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57855.799079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57855.799079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43140.605930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43140.605930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43140.605930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43140.605930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       732484                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           732484                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       859464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       859464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       862602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       862602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       862602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       862602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1235456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1235456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       267794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       267794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1503250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1503250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1503250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1503250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36063680784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36063680784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14585505250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14585505250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50649186034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50649186034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50649186034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50649186034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    193830555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    193830555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    312782321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    312782321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    506612876                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    506612876                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29190.582897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29190.582897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54465.392242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54465.392242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33693.122258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33693.122258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33693.122258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33693.122258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               224547227                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17233484                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17233484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1862111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13253359                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9400043                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     57175994                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              80067129                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17233484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9400043                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25141951                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7732884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1886129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      89765629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        18243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       284595                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          965                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12245740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1138491                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          27072                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    179998467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.812677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.235815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       155684548     86.49%     86.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1426338      0.79%     87.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1453291      0.81%     88.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2184590      1.21%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2110579      1.17%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1682084      0.93%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1711324      0.95%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1692540      0.94%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12053173      6.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    179998467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.356571                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        59808586                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     90824473                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22268939                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1371508                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5724961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     142271009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          406                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5724961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        61962349                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       69009091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12654648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21313660                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9333758                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     137887267                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       129698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2692797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5636678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       196213                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    155361300                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    359147779                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    357505445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1642334                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    111462891                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43898537                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       383806                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       384154                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         20242963                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22530348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10667149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3129975                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1936070                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         131772462                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       466851                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        120132844                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       369988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     32406304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50881756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       157142                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    179998467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.667410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    128578122     71.43%     71.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19708391     10.95%     82.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13658852      7.59%     89.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7427955      4.13%     94.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5347477      2.97%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2947906      1.64%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1704971      0.95%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       534724      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        90069      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    179998467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         266831     44.33%     44.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     44.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     44.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6300      1.05%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        219303     36.43%     81.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109471     18.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       843452      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88590916     73.74%     74.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       422202      0.35%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20516889     17.08%     91.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9759385      8.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     120132844                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.535000                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             601905                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005010                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    420753923                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163840123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116241024                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1090294                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       877276                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       504863                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     119348194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         543103                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3813749                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5731382                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        33087                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        76352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2667999                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21207                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5724961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51089356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       755206                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132239313                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1228432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22530348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10667149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       442218                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        346409                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        28307                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        76352                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       901142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148999                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2050141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118086447                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19993600                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2046396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29569911                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13012722                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9576311                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.525887                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             116983680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            116745887                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         79346170                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        128787715                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.519917                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.616100                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34433975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       309709                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1897848                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    174317371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.561042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.602444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    142894474     81.97%     81.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12597584      7.23%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4431094      2.54%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5004106      2.87%     94.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2069056      1.19%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1161887      0.67%     96.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       632067      0.36%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       767559      0.44%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4759544      2.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    174317371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54233267                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      97799416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              24798128                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16798979                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9449                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11478036                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399779                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         97275724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4759544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           301662766                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          270219177                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 849698                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               44548760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            54475121                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           54233267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             97799416                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     54233267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.140396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.140396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.241523                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.241523                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       239871112                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      129705287                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           835045                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          436280                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       57227880                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        357715                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52378                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2131888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       394872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       319997200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52356392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          374947954                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    319997200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     319997200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053311                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36436301                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45341644                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       266486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        49359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         39999650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8255825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48575447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5005462                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5145828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       163850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             563723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22944628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      4249844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3443997430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          563490179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            4035409654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3443997430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3443997430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     84508171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11336350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         392148828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            487993349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     84672020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11900073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22944628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      4249844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3443997430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         955639007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4523403003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031231                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       761                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  761                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               91398378                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1200                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061529                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12915                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2608679                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                88789700                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4725                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8190                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                425                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      279022982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30241997                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56535059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56096548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380896                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4677569                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56096548                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380896                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145291032                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63561435                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13254617                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8256608                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4998009                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             212725965.650233                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66297016.349767                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.237604                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.762396                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
