
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34738                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    62393                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               18324513                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    15.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        70144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              251456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1544966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    431928277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241897492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              867167195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    431928277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432369696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        180319572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1544966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    431928277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241897492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1047486767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      830                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.287009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063834000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.287009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.517938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.517938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147120896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147120896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147732896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    147732896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147732896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    147732896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       176828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       176828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174625.172577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174625.172577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174625.172577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174625.172577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       864400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10941.772152                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       434200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       434200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137096800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137096800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31014.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31014.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164779.807692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164779.807692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162566.193853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162566.193853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162566.193853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162566.193853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           200                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1680.414016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           76.189191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.604167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.194730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.734753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1107.020882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    462.670355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.018601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.270269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.410257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1652                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          538                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4743                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2448                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1652                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          616                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          829                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2858                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3136                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2935003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       735215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204302921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86864342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294837481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28647592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28647592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2935003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       735215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204302921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115511934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323485073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2935003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       735215                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204302921                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115511934                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323485073                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.376003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.780899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.780899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.642484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.394118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.642484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.394118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104821.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91901.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102975.262601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104782.077201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103162.169699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103048.892086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103048.892086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104821.535714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91901.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102975.262601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104346.823848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103152.127870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104821.535714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91901.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102975.262601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104346.823848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103152.127870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2781503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193351473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82325048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279149339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94659                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94659                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27104892                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27104892                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2781503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193351473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109429940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306254231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2781503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193351473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109429940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306254231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10248483                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10248483                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.780899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.642484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.642484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99339.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86414.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97455.379536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99306.451146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97981.515971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94659                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94659                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97499.611511                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97499.611511                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99339.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86414.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97455.379536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98852.700994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97938.673169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99339.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86414.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97455.379536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98852.700994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97938.673169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1657.888125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.346043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.908083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.205419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1136.043194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    484.385463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     38                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     38                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          819                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2684403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186289203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79310030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268936251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26071089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26071089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2684403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186289203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105381119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295007340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2684403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652615                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186289203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105381119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295007340                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.987879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.987879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95871.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93230.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95191.212570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96837.643468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95367.464894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94119.454874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94119.454874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95871.535714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93230.714286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95191.212570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96150.656022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95255.841137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95871.535714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93230.714286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95191.212570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96150.656022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95255.841137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2295897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158793110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67884365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229528272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22121740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22121740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2295897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158793110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90006105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251650012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2295897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158793110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90006105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251650012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9153140                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9153140                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81996.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79271.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81141.088401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82886.892552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81653.600854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79861.877256                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79861.877256                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81996.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79271.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81141.088401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82122.358577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.879534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81996.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79271.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81141.088401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82122.358577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.879534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3126                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.959890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.789187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971067236300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.792880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.167010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.851889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.853437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31014                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31014                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31033                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288111125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288111125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288111125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    288111125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288111125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    288111125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67631.719484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67599.982403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67631.719484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67599.982403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67631.719484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67599.982403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225863157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225863157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225863157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225863157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225863157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225863157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62118.580033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62118.580033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62118.580033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62118.580033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62118.580033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62118.580033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          105                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.592620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.819048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.330837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.261783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2308043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2308043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2308043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2308043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2308043                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2308043                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.272300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.272300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.272300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20425.159292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19896.922414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20425.159292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19896.922414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20425.159292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19896.922414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1954069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1954069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1954069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17292.646018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17292.646018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17292.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17292.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17292.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17292.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2464                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.349339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.104708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.284862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.834334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31639103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31639103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31639103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31639103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31639103                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31639103                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12773.154219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12757.702823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12773.154219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12757.702823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12773.154219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12757.702823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24019683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24019683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24019683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24019683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24019683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24019683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9697.086395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9697.086395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9697.086395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9697.086395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9697.086395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9697.086395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1231                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               353.841070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   39599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 32.168156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.488082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   353.352989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.690143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.691096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20715                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20715                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2681                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2682                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    209950458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209950458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32381650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32381650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242332108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242332108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242332108                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242332108                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78310.502797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78281.304251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87517.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87517.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79427.108489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79401.083879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79427.108489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79401.083879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95732563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95732563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30062517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30062517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125795080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125795080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125795080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125795080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3327466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3327466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7329308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7329308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10656774                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10656774                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70031.136064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70031.136064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83739.601671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83739.601671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72882.433372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72882.433372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72882.433372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72882.433372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  822450                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49307                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35869                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21521                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195881                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                230538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21521                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70469                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          603                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35274                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             38                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       455929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.963725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.442433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          387235     84.93%     84.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3050      0.67%     85.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2726      0.60%     86.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3886      0.85%     87.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6211      1.36%     88.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4119      0.90%     89.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6224      1.37%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3377      0.74%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           39101      8.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       455929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059951                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.280306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          192181                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64295                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20540                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        422040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20540                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          197633                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105931                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58624                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12643                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        400347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          128                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       439289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1001730                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1001640                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1364                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1364                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37020                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49796                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30688                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1211                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            370331                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335797                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1687                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       157422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          995                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       455929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.736512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.505644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       333273     73.10%     73.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39791      8.73%     81.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26097      5.72%     87.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19981      4.38%     91.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14818      3.25%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10849      2.38%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8005      1.76%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2598      0.57%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          517      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       455929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            894     51.41%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           427     24.55%     75.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          418     24.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4138      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259856     77.38%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        45062     13.42%     92.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26731      7.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335797                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.408289                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1739                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1131845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       483025                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       320321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        333384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5525                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16619                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9557                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20540                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93308                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       372479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49796                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30688                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1759                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           495                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1827                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6707                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325868                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42822                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68466                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33827                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25644                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.396216                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                321153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               320330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208974                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           341019                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.389483                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.612793                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7451                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       435537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.581484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.549684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       350758     80.53%     80.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30194      6.93%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16235      3.73%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13252      3.04%     94.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8051      1.85%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3405      0.78%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2344      0.54%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2839      0.65%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8459      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       435537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133890                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54304                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33174                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27944                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              799367                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             765744                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366521                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2173                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.142729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.142729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.162794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.162794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          646254                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349489                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140185                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003932                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003931788256                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975434566665                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36529                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69650                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3093661714                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4563904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6466.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   236201312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     450366570                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1199168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       472320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1587968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4338816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       472320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         472320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2481408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2481408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               59947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 216898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           124046                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                124046                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           124046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              59947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                340944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45242                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.947746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.401184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.038966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.908780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.931799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1624                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1624                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            6929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               6929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           6929                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              6929                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31628                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           31888                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35207                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          51847                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         66835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            83735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        66835                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           83735                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1284509027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1295873027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2930810920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2332882000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5263692920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2942174920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3617391027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6559565947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2942174920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3617391027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6559565947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        36933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        36831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        73764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          90664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        73764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         90664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.857366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.955907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.969628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.923575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.923575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43707.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40613.033609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40638.266025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176130.463942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66261.879740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101523.577449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174093.190533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54124.201795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78337.206031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174093.190533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54124.201795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78337.206031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21674300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1891                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11461.819143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35282                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35282                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        66835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        66835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8070400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    890658606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898729006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2730261300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1897667300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4627928600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2738331700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2788325906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5526657606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2738331700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2788325906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5526657606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.955907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28160.446630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28183.925176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164078.203125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53900.284034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89261.261018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162031.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41719.546734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66001.762775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162031.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41719.546734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66001.762775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        568224                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4014.898911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         9052266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        572241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         15.818975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          804.414544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.011897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.003782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    36.887681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.201156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2350.229844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    818.149976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.196390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.573787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.199744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1301455                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6061806                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       848893                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                8281896                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          820044                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               820044                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30094                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               30094                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       213041                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               213041                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1301455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6061806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1061934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 8494937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1301455                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6061806                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1061934                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                8494937                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          901                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       327167                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       180645                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               515082                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        20908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             20908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        63467                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              63467                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       327167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       244112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                578549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          901                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       327167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       244112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               578549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150120638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26600861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7618395259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5814699199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    13609815957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    577209295                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    577209295                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3219244973                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3219244973                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150120638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26600861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7618395259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9033944172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     16829060930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150120638                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26600861                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7618395259                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9033944172                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    16829060930                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1307824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6388973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1029538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            8796978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       820044                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           820044                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51002                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           51002                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       276508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           276508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1307824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6388973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1306046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             9073486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1307824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6388973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1306046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            9073486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.058552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409945                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.409945                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.229530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.186909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.063763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.186909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.063763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23570.519391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29523.708102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23285.952614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32188.542163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26422.620004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27607.102305                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27607.102305                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50723.131281                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50723.131281                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23570.519391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29523.708102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23285.952614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37007.374369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29088.393429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23570.519391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29523.708102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23285.952614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37007.374369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29088.393429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              117721                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   117721                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       327165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       180628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20908                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        20908                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         63467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       327165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       244095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           578529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       327165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       244095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          578529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    115816293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21613500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5754067135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4807560676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10699057604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1301375739                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1301375739                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2863071266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2863071266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    115816293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21613500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5754067135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7670631942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13562128870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    115816293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21613500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5754067135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7670631942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13562128870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3931363125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3931363125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6354675901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6354675901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10286039026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10286039026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409945                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409945                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.186896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.063760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.186896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18184.376354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17587.661073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26615.810816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20772.368383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62242.956715                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62242.956715                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45111.180078                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45111.180078                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18184.376354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17587.661073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31424.781098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23442.435677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18184.376354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17587.661073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31424.781098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23442.435677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8505                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30330.933129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          565265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         14.316305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10512.724656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.445197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.039174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.089509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   159.388593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    55.077010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8459.132312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11140.036678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.320823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.258152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.339967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.925627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6160                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          820                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       319784                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       136520                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 463284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          117721                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               117721                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          182                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 182                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        37131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                37131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       319784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       173651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  500415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6160                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          820                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       319784                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       173651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 500415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          209                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7381                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                51778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29026                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             29026                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              18036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        62144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 69814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          209                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7381                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        62144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                69814                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19574917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7482594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    690797145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2332695346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3050550002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    440737840                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    440737840                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1441757745                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1441757745                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19574917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7482594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    690797145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3774453091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4492307747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19574917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7482594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    690797145                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3774453091                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4492307747                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       327165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       180628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             515062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       117721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           117721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29208                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29208                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        55167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            55167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       327165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       235795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              570229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       327165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       235795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             570229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.100528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993769                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.993769                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.326935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.122432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.122432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93659.889952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93532.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93591.267443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52885.992246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58915.948897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15184.243092                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15184.243092                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79937.776946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79937.776946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93659.889952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93532.425000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93591.267443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60737.208596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64346.803607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93659.889952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93532.425000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93591.267443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60737.208596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64346.803607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3490                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3490                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29026                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        29026                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         18036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            69814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           69814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16648970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6363834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    586775177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1712912578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2322700559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1585257144                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1585257144                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1183770172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1183770172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16648970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6363834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    586775177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2896682750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3506470731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16648970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6363834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    586775177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2896682750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3506470731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3503896756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3503896756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5654213856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5654213856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9158110612                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9158110612                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993769                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993769                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.122432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79660.143541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79547.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79498.059477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38834.510248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44858.831145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54615.074209                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54615.074209                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65633.742071                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65633.742071                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79660.143541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79547.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79498.059477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46612.428392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50225.896396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79660.143541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79547.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79498.059477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46612.428392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50225.896396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       591636                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       746778                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8543                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7195                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4954                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7190                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  535260                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15738                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1338414                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           787                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   236608                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   298652                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            427                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            360                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8861                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6388972                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                16898635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6389484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.644757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16891170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16891170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16891170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        16891170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16891170                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       16891170                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6642666                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6642666                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6642666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6642666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6642666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6642666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83338273040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83338273040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83338273040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  83338273040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83338273040                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  83338273040                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23533836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23533836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23533836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23533836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23533836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23533836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.282260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.282260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.282260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12545.907478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12545.907478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12545.907478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12545.907478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12545.907478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12545.907478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107734                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35911.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       253559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       253559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       253559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6389107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6389107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6389107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6389107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6389107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6389107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58145073410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58145073410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58145073410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58145073410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58145073410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58145073410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9100.657323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9100.657323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9100.657323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9100.657323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9100.657323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9100.657323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        70694                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         92700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        70710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.310989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972576881300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92282                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        92282                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        92282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92282                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        92282                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        70897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        70897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        70897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1254731198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1254731198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1254731198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1254731198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1254731198                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1254731198                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       163179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       163179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       163179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       163179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       163179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       163179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.434474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.434474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.434474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.434474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.434474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.434474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17697.944878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17697.944878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17697.944878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17697.944878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17697.944878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17697.944878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           62                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1038305670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038305670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1038305670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038305670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1038305670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038305670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.434474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.434474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.434474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14645.269475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14645.269475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14645.269475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14645.269475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14645.269475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14645.269475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1308117                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         94695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1308133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.072389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        94284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        94284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        94284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        94284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        94284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        94284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1308366                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1308366                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1308366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1308366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1308366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1308366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20845834455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20845834455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20845834455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20845834455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20845834455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20845834455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1402650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1402650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1402650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1402650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1402650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.932782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.932782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.932782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.932782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.932782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.932782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15932.724066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15932.724066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15932.724066                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15932.724066                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15932.724066                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15932.724066                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          650                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          650                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1308366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1308366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1308366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1308366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1308366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1308366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16858242525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16858242525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16858242525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16858242525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16858242525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16858242525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.932782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.932782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.932782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12884.959197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12884.959197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12884.959197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12884.959197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12884.959197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12884.959197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1290186                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               503.908236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                49792447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1290693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 38.578072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971509413000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   503.908236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.984196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.984196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31200071                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31200071                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18523348                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18523348                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49723419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        49723419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49723419                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       49723419                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1589811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1589811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       329209                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       329209                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1919020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1919020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1919020                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1919020                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35337409478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35337409478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9000158726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9000158726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44337568204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44337568204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44337568204                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44337568204                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32789882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32789882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18852557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18852557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51642439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51642439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51642439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51642439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22227.427963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22227.427963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27338.738388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27338.738388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23104.276247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23104.276247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23104.276247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23104.276247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       819333                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           819333                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       559392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       559392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       562527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       562527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       562527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       562527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1030419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1030419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       326074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       326074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1356493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1356493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1356493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1356493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17996303985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17996303985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7797501487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7797501487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25793805472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25793805472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25793805472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25793805472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4102710824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4102710824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6615609538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6615609538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10718320362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10718320362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17465.035083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17465.035083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23913.288048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23913.288048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19015.067142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19015.067142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19015.067142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19015.067142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               378701095                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        29488555                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     29488555                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3974825                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25389341                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15178120                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201910448                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             143091856                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           29488555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15178120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             46826924                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       13646272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            647176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      70398324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       179405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       141488                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23533838                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2813162                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          31894                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    329518190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.838773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.288131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       284135454     86.23%     86.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3702910      1.12%     87.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2263060      0.69%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3505761      1.06%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2798057      0.85%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3184611      0.97%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3195552      0.97%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2506208      0.76%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24226577      7.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    329518190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.077868                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.377849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       199329227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     76451830                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         43552864                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       769881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       9414388                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     270685591                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          135                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       9414388                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       201858300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       10227193                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     61599606                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         41794329                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4624374                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     262407303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        24662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        299241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2488495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    288694478                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    657778070                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    652698064                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5080006                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    220591359                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        68103237                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1599502                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1623153                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         17111005                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     39223811                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23600929                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3229746                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1902453                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         250718299                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2137940                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        236704811                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       519056                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     49002760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69266502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       587008                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    329518190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.718336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.465871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239071520     72.55%     72.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31310611      9.50%     82.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21176253      6.43%     88.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13259221      4.02%     92.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10383277      3.15%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7257640      2.20%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4436521      1.35%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2161579      0.66%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       461568      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    329518190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         455717     32.86%     32.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        50922      3.67%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        515000     37.13%     73.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       365408     26.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1859898      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    174471945     73.71%     74.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1363429      0.58%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37050513     15.65%     90.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21959026      9.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     236704811                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.625044                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1387047                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    801860978                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    299320828                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    228231316                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3416193                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2587852                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1546250                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     234507089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1724871                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3139165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8388098                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        44814                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        51964                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4699377                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        62669                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       9414388                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        7611724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       140072                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    252856239                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2111331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     39223811                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23601245                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1891498                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         62460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         7515                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        51964                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1595919                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2827242                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4423161                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    232570238                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36016641                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4134573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            57473464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23407773                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21456823                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.614126                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             230138650                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            229777566                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        148244685                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        230169835                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.606752                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644067                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     54165146                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1550932                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3986076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    320283615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.619729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.568132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    252554921     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24400527      7.62%     86.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11886923      3.71%     90.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12459819      3.89%     94.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6308880      1.97%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2588566      0.81%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2104049      0.66%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1707012      0.53%     98.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6272918      1.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    320283615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104179622                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     198488902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49737596                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30835724                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             199284                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20760846                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1259696                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        196554888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6272918                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           566297250                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          514743330                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                2950113                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               49182905                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59691641952                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104179622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            198488902                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104179622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.635078                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.635078                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.275097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.275097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       459252515                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      248937414                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2734671                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1461150                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      107379540                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1498633                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1171898                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       368232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1400131072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       234971014                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1636715496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1400131072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1400131072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1016756                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    157605963                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       161584127                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            37997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        175016384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37072624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           212182194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           35914                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23321999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23404185                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           69992794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11746242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              81819690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      69992794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         69992794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             50828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7878749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8077618                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          69992794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19624991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             89897308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      746778                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      591636                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7195                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8543                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5416                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8538                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 535260                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15738                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1338414                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          787                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  298652                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  236608                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           360                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           427                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               7960                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072797262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 130939522                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   249951749                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           247771549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               960696                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17049511                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  247771549                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      960696                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         633420701                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        278953331                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1603076                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            784127                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60458084                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37093886                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23364198                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59779683619.485168                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             293113642.514833                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004879                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995121                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
