
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  28878                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    51493                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15739756                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489028                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    18.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535796                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              302016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    277668192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1034188002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467236453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    277668192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1297392027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.706202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613944000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.706202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.544138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.544138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    219911848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    219911848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    220735848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    220735848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    220735848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    220735848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180848.559211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180848.559211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178588.873786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178588.873786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178588.873786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178588.873786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1175000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8576.642336                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       579800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       579800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    205269860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205269860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    205849660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205849660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    205849660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205849660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        28990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168807.450658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168807.450658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166545.032362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166545.032362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166545.032362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166545.032362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           288                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1846.987006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.350694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          113.965908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.941278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.045744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.135472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1168.062149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    514.836589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.027824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.450925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2494                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1642                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          776                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5023                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             934                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  934                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2494                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1642                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          917                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5164                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3548                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7519372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2915954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223934808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103226988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337597122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32560834                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32560834                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7519372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2915954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223934808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135787822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       370157956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7519372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2915954                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223934808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135787822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      370157956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          934                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              934                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.553767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.391741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.688742                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.689427                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.581661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.407254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.581661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.407254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108976.405797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 116638.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103386.337950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107193.133956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104357.688408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104361.647436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104028.223642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108976.405797                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 116638.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103386.337950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106500.252549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104328.623450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108976.405797                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 116638.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103386.337950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106500.252549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104328.623450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  27                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       27                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7141031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211971596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97949123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319839804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30829234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30829234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7141031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211971596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128778357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350669038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7141031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211971596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128778357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350669038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3186941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3186941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7064232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7064232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10251173                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10251173                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.553767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.688742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.581661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.405762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.581661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103493.202899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111122.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97863.156048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101712.484943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99236.675147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98811.647436                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98811.647436                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103493.202899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111122.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97863.156048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101002.632941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99199.162093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103493.202899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111122.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97863.156048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101002.632941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99199.162093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1792.090162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.588852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.304289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.136664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1198.776431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    540.284062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     43                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              27                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   27                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      43                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           35                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     43                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3192                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3504                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6880431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2692754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204219430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94524139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308316754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29688849                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29688849                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6880431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2692754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204219430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124212988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338005603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6880431                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2692754                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204219430                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124212988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338005603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           27                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               27                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.987877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.987877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107710.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95832.674801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98771.305120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96590.461779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95462.536977                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95156.567308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102693                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107710.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95832.674801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97959.769716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96462.786244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102693                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107710.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95832.674801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97959.769716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96462.786244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5949911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2346641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174284659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81174595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263755806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25275809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25275809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5949911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2346641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174284659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106450404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289031615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5949911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2346641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174284659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106450404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289031615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6320506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6320506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9157192                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9157192                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88804.641791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93865.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81785.386673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84821.938349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82942.077358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81272.697749                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81272.697749                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88804.641791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93865.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81785.386673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83951.422713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82793.358636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88804.641791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93865.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81785.386673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83951.422713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82793.358636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3297                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.061571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.739460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598608747300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.299608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.761963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.868676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.869261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4514                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4515                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4514                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4515                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316324216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    316324216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316324216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    316324216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316324216                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    316324216                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70076.255206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70060.734441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70076.255206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70060.734441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70076.255206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70060.734441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247496908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    247496908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247496908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247496908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247496908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247496908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64993.935924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64993.935924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64993.935924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64993.935924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64993.935924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64993.935924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          123                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.311462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.975610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598749159000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.176953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.698560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.706966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          520                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          520                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          520                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          520                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          139                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          139                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4574199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4574199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4574199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4574199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4574199                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4574199                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.207317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.210926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.207317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.210926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.207317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.210926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33633.816176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32907.906475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33633.816176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32907.906475                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33633.816176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32907.906475                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4140184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4140184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4140184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4140184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4140184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4140184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.207317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.207317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.207317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30442.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30442.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30442.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30442.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30442.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30442.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2554                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.916334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.268207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619214300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.819617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.096718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          759                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          759                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          759                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          759                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2571                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2564                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38085703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38085703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38085703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     38085703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38085703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     38085703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.772072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.772072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.772072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14854.018331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14813.575651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14854.018331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14813.575651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14854.018331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14813.575651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30174547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30174547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30174547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30174547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30174547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30174547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11768.544072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11768.544072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11768.544072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11768.544072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11768.544072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11768.544072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1937                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               232.842464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   44225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.831699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598591701300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.171234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   232.671230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.908872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.909541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17279                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17280                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48517                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48518                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3047                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3048                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          469                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          470                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3516                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3518                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    225342724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225342724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37854981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37854981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263197705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    263197705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263197705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    263197705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73955.603544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73931.339895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80714.245203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80542.512766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74857.140216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74814.583570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74857.140216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74814.583570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          934                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              934                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116420724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116420724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35192116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35192116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    151612840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151612840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    151612840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151612840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3327102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3327102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7333152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7333152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10660254                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10660254                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025749                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66946.937320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66946.937320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77006.818381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77006.818381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69040.455373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69040.455373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69040.455373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69040.455373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876922                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44525                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44525                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33542                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17928                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       199145                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212773                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17928                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63055                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          653                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30454                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             80                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       455731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.869294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.341863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          394026     86.46%     86.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2864      0.63%     87.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2509      0.55%     87.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3355      0.74%     88.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4988      1.09%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3796      0.83%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5742      1.26%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2775      0.61%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35676      7.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       455731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050774                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242636                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          197946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177652                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2221                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20782                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        380574                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20782                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          203208                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107449                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54079                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361339                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398186                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       902788                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       902618                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          170                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242875                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          155174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1085                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1085                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47637                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1423                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            335889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297968                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       113354                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168266                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          892                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       455731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.653824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.425549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       344964     75.69%     75.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36932      8.10%     83.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23801      5.22%     89.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18174      3.99%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12818      2.81%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9814      2.15%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6513      1.43%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2228      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          487      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       455731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            772     49.58%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           394     25.31%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          391     25.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3278      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229585     77.05%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41656     13.98%     92.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23439      7.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297968                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339788                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1557                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005225                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1055950                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       451107                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283746                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           64                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           82                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           19                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18167                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9690                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20782                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47637                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           555                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8107                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289066                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39513                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29659                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22369                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329637                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284582                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283765                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186405                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296439                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323592                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628814                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       122055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6994                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       435038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.429110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       361311     83.05%     83.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27301      6.28%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13598      3.13%     92.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11585      2.66%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6675      1.53%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3408      0.78%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1987      0.46%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2751      0.63%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6422      1.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       435038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117119                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47234                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29438                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23873                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6422                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              766075                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             696225                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2707                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 421191                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215547                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.487444                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.487444                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133557                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133557                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560242                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309542                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               28                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126746                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.276589                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3276589342455                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10875652495965                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  18725                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    32460                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20319265                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5251580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                161255.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3019450113                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5234343797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1798272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7219712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1378176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     99276800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    497260544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           606946560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     99276800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       99276800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    273202752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        273202752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        28098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1551200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7769696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              9483540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4268793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4268793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       548824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                3985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2203423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       420613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30298823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    151761631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              185237299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30298823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30298823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         83380224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              83380224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         83380224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       548824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               3985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2203423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       420613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30298823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    151761631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             268617523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28840                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.985657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.004436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.870604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.115053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.991913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.007191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          440                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             593                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28160                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          28420                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            29013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28600                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          413                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           29013                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     18085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      7218219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25303219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5038921480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     20401000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5059322480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5057006480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     27619219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5084625699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5057006480                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     27619219                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5084625699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28160                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          29082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         29082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.757426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.923676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.928571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.997627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41102.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47177.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42669.846543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178938.973011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78465.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178019.791696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176818.408392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66874.622276                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175253.358805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176818.408392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66874.622276                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175253.358805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     33758900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10523.347880                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28330                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28330                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12725900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18045900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4699611932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     17211900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4716823832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4712337832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22531900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4734869732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4712337832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22531900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4734869732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.757426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999297                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28922.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34771.241830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30431.534570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166889.628267                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66199.615385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165968.466995                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164767.057063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54556.658596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163198.212250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164767.057063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54556.658596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163198.212250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          440                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1802240                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          440                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      30742266                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4054.821688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       162692403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      30746338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.291440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7601521114600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1036.792231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.003531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.320078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.548179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    888.196823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1938.958910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.253123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.216845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.473379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46412647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3700856                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16341855                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     48388710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total              114844068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        53711987                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             53711987                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1544527                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1544527                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     25886235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             25886235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46412647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3700856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16341855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     74274945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               140730303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46412647                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3700856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16341855                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     74274945                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              140730303                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       656980                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6942236                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     17047962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24868868                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10549                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10549                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5858096                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5858096                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       656980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6942236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22906058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              30726964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       656980                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221690                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6942236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22906058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             30726964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23399106395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6654590200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 276564290534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 741475104040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1048093091169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    173071269                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    173071269                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 387834686724                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 387834686724                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23399106395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6654590200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 276564290534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1129309790764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1435927777893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23399106395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6654590200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 276564290534                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1129309790764                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1435927777893                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47069627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3922546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23284091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     65436672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          139712936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     53711987                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         53711987                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1555076                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1555076                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31744331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         31744331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47069627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3922546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23284091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     97181003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           171457267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47069627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3922546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23284091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     97181003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          171457267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.178000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006784                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.006784                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.184540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.179211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.179211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35616.162433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30017.547927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39837.926935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43493.474706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42144.784844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16406.414731                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16406.414731                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66204.904584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66204.904584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35616.162433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30017.547927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39837.926935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49301.795654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46731.846918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35616.162433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30017.547927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39837.926935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49301.795654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46731.846918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            11565803                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 11565803                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       656934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6942226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17047885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24868663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10549                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10549                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5858096                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5858096                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       656934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6942226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22905981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         30726759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       656934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6942226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22905981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        30726759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19826037477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5427420313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 237304874577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 646173806720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 908732139087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    864052563                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    864052563                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 355148543608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 355148543608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19826037477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5427420313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 237304874577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1001322350328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263880682695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19826037477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5427420313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 237304874577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1001322350328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263880682695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    166648064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    166648064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    397653307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    397653307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    564301371                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    564301371                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006784                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006784                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.184540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.179209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30179.648910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24489.979663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34182.821847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37903.458800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36541.254312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81908.480709                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81908.480709                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60625.251551                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60625.251551                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30179.648910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24489.979663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34182.821847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43714.449529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41132.899265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30179.648910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24489.979663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34182.821847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43714.449529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41132.899265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       9429432                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32228.959983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26978502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       9461457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.851411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7629246384149                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10951.001082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.055761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.036399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   509.277866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.664030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6319.168382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14318.750810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.334198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.192846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.436974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       544126                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       200084                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5391025                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12552300                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18687535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11565803                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             11565803                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1692                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1692                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2583384                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2583384                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       544126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       200084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5391025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     15135684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                21270919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       544126                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       200084                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5391025                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     15135684                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               21270919                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112808                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21534                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1551201                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4495585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              6181128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3274634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3274634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1551201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7770219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               9455762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112808                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21534                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1551201                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7770219                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              9455762                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10522355403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2038886359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 144939271599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 420800767947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   578301281308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71307494                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     71307494                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 303930488303                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 303930488303                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10522355403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2038886359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 144939271599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 724731256250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    882231769611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10522355403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2038886359                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 144939271599                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 724731256250                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   882231769611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       656934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6942226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17047885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24868663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11565803                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         11565803                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10627                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10627                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5858018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5858018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       656934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6942226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22905903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            30726681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       656934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6942226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22905903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           30726681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.248551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840783                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.840783                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.559000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.559000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.307738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.307738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93276.677213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94682.193694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93436.809027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93603.116824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93559.182290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7980.693229                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7980.693229                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92813.574984                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92813.574984                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93276.677213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94682.193694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93436.809027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93270.377096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93300.970309                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93276.677213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94682.193694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93436.809027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93270.377096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93300.970309                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4240463                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4240463                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1551201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4495585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6181128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8935                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8935                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3274634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3274634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1551201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7770219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          9455762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1551201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7770219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         9455762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8940489469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1737863969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 123067988051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 357499372962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 491245714451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    697183202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    697183202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 257034878776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 257034878776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8940489469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1737863969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 123067988051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 614534251738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 748280593227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8940489469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1737863969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 123067988051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 614534251738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 748280593227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    148642620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    148642620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    349109124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    349109124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    497751744                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    497751744                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840783                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840783                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.559000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.307738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79254.037559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80703.258521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79337.228413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79522.325340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79475.091674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78028.338220                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78028.338220                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78492.704460                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78492.704460                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79254.037559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80703.258521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79337.228413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79088.408157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79134.880217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79254.037559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80703.258521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79337.228413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79088.408157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79134.880217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2622                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6478                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         45                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         67                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    66                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   22218                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       112                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        9100                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6402                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    15816                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             20                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  40                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23284183                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               741859730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23284695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.860401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    741851851                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      741851851                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    741851851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       741851851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    741851851                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      741851851                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25169608                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25169608                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25169608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25169608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25169608                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25169608                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 648274554586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 648274554586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 648274554586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 648274554586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 648274554586                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 648274554586                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    767021459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    767021459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    767021459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    767021459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    767021459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    767021459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25756.243585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25756.243585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25756.243585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25756.243585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25756.243585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25756.243585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     15750922                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            396                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39775.055556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1885301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1885301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1885301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1885301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1885301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1885301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23284307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23284307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23284307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23284307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23284307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23284307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 503068373882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 503068373882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 503068373882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 503068373882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 503068373882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 503068373882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21605.469035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21605.469035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21605.469035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21605.469035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21605.469035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21605.469035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3922607                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      13597235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3922623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.466363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13597009                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13597009                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13597009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13597009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13597009                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13597009                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3922817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3922817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3922817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3922817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3922817                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3922817                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65619462374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  65619462374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65619462374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  65619462374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65619462374                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  65619462374                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17519826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17519826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17519826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     17519826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17519826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     17519826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.223907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.223907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.223907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16727.637913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16727.637913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16727.637913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16727.637913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16727.637913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16727.637913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2027                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2027                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3922817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3922817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3922817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3922817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3922817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3922817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  53303144824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53303144824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  53303144824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53303144824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  53303144824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53303144824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13587.976402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13587.976402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13587.976402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13587.976402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13587.976402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13587.976402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     47076708                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      93608738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     47076724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.988429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93608309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     93608309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93608309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     93608309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93608309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     93608309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47087279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     47087279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47087279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     47087279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47087279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     47087279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 643108298816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 643108298816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 643108298816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 643108298816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 643108298816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 643108298816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    140695588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    140695588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    140695588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    140695588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    140695588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    140695588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.334675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.334675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.334675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13657.792773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13657.792773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13657.792773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13657.792773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13657.792773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13657.792773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        19926                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        19926                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47087279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     47087279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47087279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     47087279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47087279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     47087279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 496800265553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 496800265553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 496800265553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 496800265553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 496800265553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 496800265553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10550.625904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10550.625904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10550.625904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10550.625904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10550.625904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10550.625904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              97181196                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.999890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1450860291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              97181452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.929395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.999890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1082335918                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1082335918                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    366700253                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     366700253                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1449036171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1449036171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1449036171                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1449036171                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     99711098                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     99711098                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     33353029                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     33353029                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    133064127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total     133064127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    133064127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total    133064127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2770843995044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2770843995044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 887955442508                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 887955442508                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3658799437552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3658799437552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3658799437552                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3658799437552                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1182047016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1182047016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    400053282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    400053282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1582100298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1582100298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1582100298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1582100298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.083371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27788.722124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27788.722124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26622.932583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26622.932583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27496.512547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.512547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27496.512547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.512547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     53690034                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         53690034                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     34261967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     34261967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        78259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        78259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     34340226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     34340226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     34340226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     34340226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     65449131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     65449131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     33274770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     33274770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     98723901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98723901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     98723901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98723901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1367101077187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1367101077187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 762685057824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 762685057824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2129786135011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2129786135011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2129786135011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2129786135011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    173831606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    173831606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    416220346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    416220346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    590051952                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    590051952                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083176                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083176                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20887.994329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20887.994329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22920.821326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22920.821326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21573.156180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21573.156180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21573.156180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21573.156180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9839607635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       893195277                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    893195277                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     97176478                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    642025952                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       520750778                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2990040155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4963476271                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          893195277                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    520750778                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1463431266                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      515965319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         130136824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    3557273748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       130332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2775060                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4943                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        767021807                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     46690647                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1866493                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   8561080368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.013336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.459871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      7121856615     83.19%     83.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        90439416      1.06%     84.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        85196140      1.00%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       130275249      1.52%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4       100144871      1.17%     87.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       119462317      1.40%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        91594294      1.07%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7       100758548      1.18%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       721352918      8.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   8561080368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.090775                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.504438                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      3085983962                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   3652517033                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1340788248                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     64503085                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     417288040                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8467249809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3402                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     417288040                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3224453380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     3008150006                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     24903360                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1253659394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    632626188                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8225495601                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      5048354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      96593180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    508944072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2793980                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9223556336                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20730398511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20656936024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     73462487                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5906096909                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3317459464                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       639951                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       639461                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1302988138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1613343079                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    626481946                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    102707995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     66898670                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7869641363                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2193386                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6863141936                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     16394194                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2568453517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3796223777                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1122932                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   8561080368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.801668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.432920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   5676675687     66.31%     66.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1111105153     12.98%     79.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    718945948      8.40%     87.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    428252913      5.00%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    293708510      3.43%     96.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    188718977      2.20%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    101466760      1.19%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     35494697      0.41%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      6711723      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   8561080368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9013137     30.93%     30.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        36708      0.13%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13110330     45.00%     76.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      6976080     23.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     48146068      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4913333075     71.59%     72.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     11715867      0.17%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1370395499     19.97%     92.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    519551427      7.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6863141936                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.697502                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           29136255                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004245                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  22325441446                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10402760563                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6639398676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     44828153                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     38751421                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     20843584                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6821779223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       22352900                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    153734367                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    552761137                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1256174                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1280882                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    226434171                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       349591                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        26235                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     417288040                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     2114247413                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     46334652                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7871834749                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     47262742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1613343079                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    626481946                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1568391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      14959936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      5200951                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1280882                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     66262711                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     37979885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    104242596                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6755809157                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1336222418                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    107332773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1846289504                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       646559540                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         510067086                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.686593                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6680398590                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6660242260                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4638031415                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7167919006                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.676881                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.647054                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2677952112                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1070454                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     97513756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   8143844738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.638251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.682445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   6507698604     79.91%     79.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    586019909      7.20%     87.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    251196005      3.08%     90.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    302972430      3.72%     93.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    111545400      1.37%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     64191207      0.79%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     47345198      0.58%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     33727306      0.41%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    239148679      2.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   8143844738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999761464                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5197818606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1460629719                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1060581941                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             246140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         544053947                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          16492558                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5165404830                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    239148679                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         15780244847                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        16170472764                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               28067322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1278527267                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999761464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5197818606                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999761464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.280130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.280130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.304866                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.304866                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     13109444913                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7415396111                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         19565471                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        15494520                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3259880297                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        583813                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            8974                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       554144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       225800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       195748824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        33084612                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          229624754                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    195748824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     195748824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         5118                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     24151238                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        25389252                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        69268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        28225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         24468603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          5199174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            29765849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3255199                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3274676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               2739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       169122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        68913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           59741641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           10097271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              70080419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      59741641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         59741641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       376274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7370847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              7748683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       377007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              4301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       169122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        68913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          59741641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          17468118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             77829102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6478                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2622                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        67                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        45                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   44                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  22218                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      112                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       9100                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   15816                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6402                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            20                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 50                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9832403103                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  18614712                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    34621767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            34483830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                30625                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2779026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   34483830                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       30625                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          90031624                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         39513892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              45815                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             18806                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     8476295                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   5213946                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3262349                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             9791948265.041986                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             40454837.958013                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004114                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995886                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
