
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  79471                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   141697                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               43288186                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536125                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        81600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              304960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        79360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            79360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    279421425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    463510834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    277887346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1044269089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    463510834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         463729988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        271751033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             271751033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        271751033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    279421425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    463510834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    277887346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1316020122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1267                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.654002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614908000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.654002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.540875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.540875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    225049840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    225049840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    225899840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    225899840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    225899840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    225899840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175820.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175820.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173769.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173769.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173769.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173769.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1039400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9714.018692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1247                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1247                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       600900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       600900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    209846600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    209846600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    210447500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210447500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    210447500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210447500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163942.656250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163942.656250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161882.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161882.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161882.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161882.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           252                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1813.829737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.408730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           87.703756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.937060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.255986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.150450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1161.819418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    512.963202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.283647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.442830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2095                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5180                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             660                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  660                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2095                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          611                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5268                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3209                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7669629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2905147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222071147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103153021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335798944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32805575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32805575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7669629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2905147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222071147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135958596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       368604519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7669629                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2905147                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222071147                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135958596                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      368604519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          660                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              660                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.646622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.382525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781638                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.782178                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.675518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.400887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.675518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.400887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106522.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 116205.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103626.293514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107787.900731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104642.861951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104144.682540                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103815.110759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106522.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 116205.880000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103626.293514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106885.688679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104568.657872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106522.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 116205.880000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103626.293514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106885.688679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104568.657872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7273561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2767247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210231934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97912131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    318184873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31057775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31057775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7273561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2767247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210231934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128969906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349242648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7273561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2767247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210231934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128969906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349242648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10241387                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10241387                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.646622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.675518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.399409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.675518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101021.680556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110689.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98101.695754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102311.526646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99526.078511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98596.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98596.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101021.680556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110689.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98101.695754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101391.435535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99442.667426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101021.680556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110689.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98101.695754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101391.435535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99442.667426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1777.694918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.480631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.237243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.151644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1189.468829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    534.356707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     33                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              14                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   14                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           28                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     33                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          955                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3176                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3490                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6993261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2681947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202623778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94555506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306854492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29817342                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29817342                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6993261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2681947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202623778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124372848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       336671834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6993261                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2681947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202623778                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124372848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      336671834                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.989716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.990633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.990633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101351.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107277.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95803.204728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99011.001047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96616.653652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95263.073482                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94959.687898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101351.608696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107277.880000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95803.204728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98085.842271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96467.574212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101351.608696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107277.880000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95803.204728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98085.842271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96467.574212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6033912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2335165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172926705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81250815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262546597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25372048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25372048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6033912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2335165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172926705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106622863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287918645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6033912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2335165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172926705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106622863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287918645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        87448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93406.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81762.035461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85079.387435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82979.329014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81060.856230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81060.856230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        87448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93406.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81762.035461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84087.431388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82806.627840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        87448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93406.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81762.035461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84087.431388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82806.627840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3727                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               423.348826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.984975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598733075856                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.170566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   423.178260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.826520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.826853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25328                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25337                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25328                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25337                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4953                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4954                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4953                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4954                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317465295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317465295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317465295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    317465295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317465295                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    317465295                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.163547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.163547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64095.557238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64082.619096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64095.557238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64082.619096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64095.557238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64082.619096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247141534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    247141534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247141534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247141534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247141534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247141534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58315.605002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58315.605002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58315.605002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58315.605002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58315.605002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58315.605002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           90                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.989268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           90                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.566667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748253300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.854157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.678385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.686829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          365                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          365                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          365                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          365                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4147227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4147227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4147227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4147227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4147227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4147227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.225053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40264.339806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39124.783019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40264.339806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39124.783019                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40264.339806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39124.783019                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3817455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3817455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3817455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3817455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3817455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3817455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37062.669903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37062.669903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37062.669903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37062.669903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37062.669903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37062.669903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2547                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.905110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.253632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620182300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.824661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.080449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          757                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          757                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2557                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2564                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37676489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37676489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37676489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37676489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37676489                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37676489                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.772057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.772057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.772057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14734.645679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14694.418487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14734.645679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14694.418487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14734.645679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14694.418487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29784602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29784602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29784602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29784602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29784602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29784602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11648.260461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11648.260461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11648.260461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11648.260461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11648.260461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11648.260461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1383                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.630239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   35113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.389009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.433194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   371.197045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.724994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.725840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31900                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31900                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17350                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17351                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49251                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3150                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3152                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    219250246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219250246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36943815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36943815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256194061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    256194061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256194061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    256194061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17765                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80106.045305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80076.788167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89452.336562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89236.268116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81331.447937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81279.841688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81331.447937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81279.841688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          660                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              660                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111861889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111861889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34506009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34506009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146367898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146367898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146367898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146367898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10648877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10648877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75480.356950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75480.356950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85835.843284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85835.843284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77689.967091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77689.967091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77689.967091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77689.967091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876923                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44417                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44417                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6909                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32108                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17619                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       202147                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212509                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44417                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17619                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62793                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          344                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30281                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4161                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             62                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.872772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.347741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          391557     86.44%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2819      0.62%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2522      0.56%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3307      0.73%     88.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4915      1.08%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3666      0.81%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5693      1.26%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2777      0.61%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35750      7.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050651                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242335                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199037                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56883                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2223                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20536                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20536                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52142                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53823                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360649                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398108                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       900805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       900651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154459                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1048                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1043                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36983                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47668                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27420                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1350                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            335277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1719                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298116                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1697                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111618                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       165332                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          828                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.658084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.430761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       342358     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36861      8.14%     83.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23777      5.25%     88.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17970      3.97%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12965      2.86%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9753      2.15%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6550      1.45%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2310      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          462      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            737     48.20%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           399     26.10%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          393     25.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3257      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229572     77.01%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41903     14.06%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23374      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298116                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339957                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1529                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005129                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1053459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       448704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284217                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296358                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18043                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9603                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20536                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       336996                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47668                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27420                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1365                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          176                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6612                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289466                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39747                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29685                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22310                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330093                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285013                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187033                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297257                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324128                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629196                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120846                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6952                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.429943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358453     82.87%     82.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27377      6.33%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13691      3.17%     92.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11668      2.70%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6872      1.59%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3464      0.80%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2000      0.46%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2765      0.64%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6269      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117448                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47404                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29593                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23945                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214161                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              763071                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             694630                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2733                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 423917                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216078                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.466479                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.466479                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560970                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310565                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126954                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.002286                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5002286176530                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12601349330040                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30639                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53273                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               94842805                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4990408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52742.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1615987699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2809795772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1331200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3618432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       705088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     51168576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    257514496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           314339456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     51168576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       51168576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    142061376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        142061376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        20800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        56538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       799509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4023664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              4911554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2219709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2219709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       266118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       723356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       140953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     10229038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     51479361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               62839159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     10229038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          10229038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         28399290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              28399290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         28399290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       266118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       723356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       140953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     10229038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     51479361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              91238449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    21160                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.429133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    21173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    10.558737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         3.870396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.659921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.241900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.901821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          325                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             351                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        20800                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          20834                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            21185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           21185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     13635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1216802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14851802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3714667400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2584000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3717251400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3728302400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      3800802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   3732103202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3728302400                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      3800802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   3732103202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        20800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           36                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           67                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          21192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           67                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         21192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.838710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.985955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999904                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41953.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 46800.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42312.826211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178589.778846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet        76000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178422.357685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176487.687574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 63346.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176167.250507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176487.687574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 63346.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176167.250507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     24170600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2295                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10531.851852                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          20825                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               20825                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        20800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9607300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       893300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10500600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3464067540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2165700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3466233240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3473674840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      3059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3476733840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3473674840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      3059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3476733840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999904                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29560.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34357.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29916.239316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166541.708654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 63697.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166373.871556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164434.311953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50983.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164112.996932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164434.311953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50983.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164112.996932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1331200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      16690912                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4047.247636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        72378217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      16694954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.335335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625790039853                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          738.043874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    61.395200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    20.935736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1266.059409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1960.809433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.180186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.309097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.478713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26051176                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2195898                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11355273                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19036166                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               58638513                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        16825964                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             16825964                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       825694                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              825694                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4661046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              4661046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26051176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2195898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11355273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     23697212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                63299559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26051176                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2195898                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11355273                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     23697212                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               63299559                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361527                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122197                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3882442                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9228280                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             13594446                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3047775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3047775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3882442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     12276055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              16642221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361527                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3882442                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     12276055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             16642221                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12415049579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3595055044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149054865779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388236388764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   553301359166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    162982001                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    162982001                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205933276616                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 205933276616                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12415049579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3595055044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149054865779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 594169665380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    759234635782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12415049579                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3595055044                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149054865779                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 594169665380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   759234635782                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26412703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2318095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15237715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28264446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           72232959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     16825964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         16825964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       832870                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          832870                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7708821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          7708821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26412703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2318095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15237715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35973267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            79941780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26412703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2318095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15237715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35973267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           79941780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.188203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008616                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.008616                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395362                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.395362                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.208179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.208179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34340.587505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29420.157974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38392.039283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42070.287070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40700.544852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22712.096014                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22712.096014                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67568.398788                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67568.398788                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34340.587505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29420.157974                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38392.039283                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48400.700826                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45620.992281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34340.587505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29420.157974                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38392.039283                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48400.700826                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45620.992281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             6288134                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  6288134                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               108                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3882437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9228236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13594338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7176                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7176                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3047775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3047775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3882437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12276011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         16642113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3882437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12276011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        16642113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10448263248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2918429357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 127076196029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 336618357850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 477061246484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    584340018                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    584340018                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188861673178                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188861673178                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10448263248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2918429357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 127076196029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 525480031028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 665922919662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10448263248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2918429357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 127076196029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 525480031028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 665922919662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     99508363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99508363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    304179712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    304179712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    403688075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    403688075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008616                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008616                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.208178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28901.966623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23890.611806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32731.038785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36476.999272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35092.642723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81429.768395                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81429.768395                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61967.065541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61967.065541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28901.966623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23890.611806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32731.038785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42805.438267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40014.325084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28901.966623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23890.611806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32731.038785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42805.438267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40014.325084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       4864707                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32469.925467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        14990573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       4897271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.061005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625659512700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10992.745752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.032924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.018577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   351.578858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    81.712767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4791.965650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  16251.867636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.335472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.146239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.495968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       304969                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       111141                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3082927                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6957560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               10456597                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6288134                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              6288134                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1233                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1233                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1294537                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1294537                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       304969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       111141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3082927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8252097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                11751134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       304969                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       111141                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3082927                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8252097                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               11751134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        56538                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11017                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       799510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2270676                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3137741                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6028                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6028                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1753153                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1753153                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        56538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       799510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4023829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               4890894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        56538                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11017                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       799510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4023829                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              4890894                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5273242333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1043980039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74709495413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 212436819138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   293463536923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48571504                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     48571504                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162737012985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 162737012985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5273242333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1043980039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74709495413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 375173832123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    456200549908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5273242333                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1043980039                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74709495413                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 375173832123                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   456200549908                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3882437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9228236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           13594338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6288134                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          6288134                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3047690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3047690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3882437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12275926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            16642028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3882437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12275926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           16642028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.230812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830189                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.830189                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.575240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.575240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.293888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.293888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93268.993120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94760.827721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93444.103780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93556.640903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93527.010968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8057.648308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8057.648308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92825.334118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92825.334118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93268.993120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94760.827721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93444.103780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93238.015861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93275.493173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93268.993120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94760.827721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93444.103780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93238.015861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93275.493173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2198884                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2198884                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        56538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       799510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2270676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3137741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6028                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6028                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1753153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1753153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        56538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       799510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4023829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          4890894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        56538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       799510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4023829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         4890894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4480294919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    889973709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  63435656799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180445498970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 249251424397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    472085295                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    472085295                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 137604231280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 137604231280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4480294919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    889973709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  63435656799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 318049730250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 386855655677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4480294919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    889973709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  63435656799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 318049730250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 386855655677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     88861771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     88861771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    266446462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    266446462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    355308233                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    355308233                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830189                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830189                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.575240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.293888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79243.958382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80781.856131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79343.168690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79467.743954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79436.583324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78315.410584                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78315.410584                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78489.573517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78489.573517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79243.958382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80781.856131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79343.168690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79041.562216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79097.125327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79243.958382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80781.856131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79343.168690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79041.562216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79097.125327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          464                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          708                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          8                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          8                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     7                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    1874                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        16                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        1172                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             3                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      742                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     1132                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15237801                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               394130759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15238313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 25.864461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    394125594                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      394125594                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    394125594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       394125594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    394125594                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      394125594                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16350148                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16350148                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16350148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16350148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16350148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16350148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 372753120944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 372753120944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 372753120944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 372753120944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 372753120944                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 372753120944                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    410475742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    410475742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    410475742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    410475742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    410475742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    410475742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.039832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.039832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.039832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22798.149652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22798.149652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22798.149652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22798.149652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22798.149652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22798.149652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7398595                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39354.228723                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1112281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1112281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1112281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1112281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1112281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1112281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15237867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15237867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15237867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15237867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15237867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15237867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 285110097653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 285110097653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 285110097653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 285110097653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 285110097653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 285110097653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18710.630409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18710.630409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18710.630409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18710.630409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18710.630409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18710.630409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2318203                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.656211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8013400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2318217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.456708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    14.656211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.916013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.916013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8013169                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8013169                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8013169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8013169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8013169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8013169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2318429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2318429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2318429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2318429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2318429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2318429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  36891058573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36891058573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  36891058573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  36891058573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  36891058573                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  36891058573                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10331598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10331598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10331598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     10331598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10331598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     10331598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15912.093307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15912.093307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15912.093307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15912.093307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15912.093307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15912.093307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1232                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1232                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2318429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2318429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2318429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2318429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2318429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2318429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  29595589321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29595589321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  29595589321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29595589321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  29595589321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29595589321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12765.363667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12765.363667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12765.363667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12765.363667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12765.363667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12765.363667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     26419119                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.696658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      51243080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     26419135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.939620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.696658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.981041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51242432                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     51242432                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51242432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     51242432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51242432                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     51242432                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26426201                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     26426201                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26426201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     26426201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26426201                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     26426201                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 337205824093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 337205824093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 337205824093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 337205824093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 337205824093                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 337205824093                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77668633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77668633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77668633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     77668633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77668633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     77668633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.340243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.340243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.340243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12760.283784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12760.283784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12760.283784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12760.283784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12760.283784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12760.283784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        12373                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        12373                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26426201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     26426201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26426201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26426201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26426201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26426201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 254838453917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 254838453917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 254838453917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 254838453917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 254838453917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 254838453917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9643.401029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9643.401029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9643.401029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9643.401029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9643.401029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9643.401029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              35973086                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.751182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               791962110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              35973598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.015093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.751182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    583850771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      583850771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    207129139                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     207129139                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    790979910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       790979910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    790979910                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      790979910                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     43936273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     43936273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8567124                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8567124                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     52503397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      52503397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     52503397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     52503397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1278731290704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1278731290704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 314995066017                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 314995066017                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1593726356721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1593726356721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1593726356721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1593726356721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    627787044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    627787044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    215696263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    215696263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    843483307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    843483307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    843483307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    843483307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039718                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039718                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29104.227632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29104.227632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36767.889203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36767.889203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30354.728413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30354.728413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30354.728413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30354.728413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16812359                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         16812359                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15662910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     15662910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        40331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        40331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15703241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     15703241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15703241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     15703241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     28273363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     28273363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8526793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8526793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     36800156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     36800156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     36800156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     36800156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 622405397419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 622405397419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 282570651146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 282570651146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 904976048565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 904976048565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 904976048565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 904976048565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103781902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103781902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    318381635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    318381635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    422163537                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    422163537                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22013.843823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22013.843823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33139.147525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33139.147525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24591.636203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24591.636203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24591.636203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24591.636203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              4939782840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       478345330                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    478345330                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     52177545                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    346634062                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       278549217                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1624436253                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            2660332416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          478345330                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    278549217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            786452855                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      277331115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          73561535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1535328770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        85752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1493460                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2024                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        410475913                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     26153042                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1101423                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   4245655610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.097605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.543039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      3472165341     81.78%     81.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        49273482      1.16%     82.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        47694200      1.12%     84.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        68457886      1.61%     85.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        53157826      1.25%     86.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        63825312      1.50%     88.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        48043918      1.13%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        54303491      1.28%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       388734154      9.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   4245655610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.096835                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.538553                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1685509212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1580112795                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        724671285                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     31067357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     224294961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    4551387954                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1763                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     224294961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1751868921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1286827261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     22253731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        683729763                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    276680973                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    4427324845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2571479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      49884104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    211896310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1570547                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   4964937906                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  11151192250                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  11113794094                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     37398156                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3180043762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1784894136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       522773                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       524701                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        598648195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    859121218                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    345104224                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     58756645                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     38718550                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        4235263678                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1505895                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       3685017675                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8502813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1383290857                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2078383663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       771975                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   4245655610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.867950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.493609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   2742073241     64.59%     64.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    546588400     12.87%     77.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    378093958      8.91%     86.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    231530585      5.45%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    160015906      3.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    104729471      2.47%     98.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     58274968      1.37%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     20503831      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3845250      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   4245655610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        5423601     31.46%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        16484      0.10%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       7106674     41.22%     72.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4694069     27.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     25529554      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   2646574906     71.82%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5880001      0.16%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    725592417     19.69%     92.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    281440797      7.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    3685017675                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.745988                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           17240828                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  11639369422                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   5601243168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3564111398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     22702875                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     19517227                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10534537                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    3665410609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       11318340                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     78394876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    297121069                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       660214                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       734184                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    129409651                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       252705                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          550                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     224294961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      917685175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     19864739                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   4236769573                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     25017135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    859121218                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    345104229                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1139513                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       7762251                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2488636                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       734184                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     35685823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     20556436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     56242259                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   3625906531                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    706508219                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     59111144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           982458825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       347360152                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         275950606                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.734021                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            3585871583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           3574645935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       2511020906                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       3882819211                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.723644                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646700                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1442465595                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       733920                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     52356243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   4021403375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.695384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.748721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3154860234     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    298072914      7.41%     85.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    133336840      3.32%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    164968455      4.10%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     61362521      1.53%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     35722974      0.89%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     26509605      0.66%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18912543      0.47%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    127657289      3.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   4021403375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1608905113                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    2796420656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             777694732                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            562000147                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             163085                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         293136488                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           8382717                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       2778791574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    127657289                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          8132465705                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         8702999361                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               14587510                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              694127230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         10080931496                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1608905113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           2796420656                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1608905113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.070276                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.070276                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.325704                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.325704                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      7026932431                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     3982340558                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         10124162                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         7691426                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1741329236                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        488515                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            1028                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        92064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        63316712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        11040760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           74500236                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     63316712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      63316712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      7770998                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         9021062                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        11508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          7914589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1663610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             9595951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1041125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1060678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         9442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           12657555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            2207143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              14893237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      12657555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         12657555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1553489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1803388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       250230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         9442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          12657555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3760632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             16696625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         708                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         464                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         8                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         8                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    7                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   1874                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       16                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       1172                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            3                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    1132                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     742                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 12                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15021880546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   6007426                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    11469564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            11422828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 5040                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822965                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   11422828                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        5040                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          29085263                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         13143106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               7863                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              3524                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     2709721                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1665897                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1043824                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15008501071.197189                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             13379474.802810                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000891                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999109                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
