
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54159                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    95662                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29321395                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      680432                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1201870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              274880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8860258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202569812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    530051885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              746172680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202569812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202743543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8860258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202569812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    530051885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             746172680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2030                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1605.081143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.475369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          241.390391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.210401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.207993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.189726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.364187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    26.645410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.042431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    427.354971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    903.675633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.058933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.104335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.220624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.391866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2948                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          947                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1260                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1260                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  46                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2948                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          541                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4830                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1346                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3905                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1346                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3170                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4619                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5681966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1840594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124328743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243441038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      375292341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       808322                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       808322                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73553299                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73553299                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5681966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1840594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124328743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    316994337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       448845640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5681966                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1840594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124328743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    316994337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      448845640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1260                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1260                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           74                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              74                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              852                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.069853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.721798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.454228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.378378                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.378378                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.838028                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.069853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.488835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.069853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.488835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76783.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96873.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92369.051263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99080.601547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96105.593086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28868.642857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28868.642857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103160.307153                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103015.824930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76783.324324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96873.368421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92369.051263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99998.213565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97173.769214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76783.324324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96873.368421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92369.051263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99998.213565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97173.769214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 302                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      302                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5275072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116858562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229823933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353694761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1383882                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1383882                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69640045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69640045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5275072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116858562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    299463978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    423334806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5275072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116858562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    299463978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    423334806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.069853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.721798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.069853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.487776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.069853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.487776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71284.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91431.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86819.139673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93538.434269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90784.076232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49424.357143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49424.357143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97671.872370                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97671.872370                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71284.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91431.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86819.139673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94468.131861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91849.599913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71284.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91431.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86819.139673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94468.131861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91849.599913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2043.351402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           85.019778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.332012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.433978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.393657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    545.571351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1367.600657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.062358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          180                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          114                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             302                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  302                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          180                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          119                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2343                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3586                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4758072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110085111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220051819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      336539696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        92394                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        92394                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67144777                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67144777                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4758072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110085111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287196596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       403684473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4758072                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644694                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110085111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287196596                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      403684473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          302                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              302                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.689189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.866270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.953602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.918310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.992997                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.689189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.866270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.962461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.929855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.689189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.866270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.962461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.929855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93295.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96746.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94412.616638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93918.830132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93848.214166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7699.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7699.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94837.255650                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94703.493653                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93295.529412                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96746.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94412.616638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94131.955424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93989.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93295.529412                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96746.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94412.616638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94131.955424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93989.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4045484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1408698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93703177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187091448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286248807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57115199                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57115199                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4045484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1408698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93703177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244206647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343364006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4045484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1408698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93703177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244206647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343364006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.689189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.866270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.953602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.689189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.866270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.962461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.927690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.689189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.866270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.962461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79323.215686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82864.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80362.930532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79851.236876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80024.827230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80671.185028                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80671.185028                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79323.215686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82864.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80362.930532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80041.509997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80131.623337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79323.215686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82864.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80362.930532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80041.509997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80131.623337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1388                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               334.985227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.862392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.593813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   334.391414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.653108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.654268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31557                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31557                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2244                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2243                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2244                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167343294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    167343294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167343294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    167343294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167343294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    167343294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74606.907713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74573.660428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74606.907713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74573.660428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74606.907713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74573.660428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    132659776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132659776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    132659776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132659776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    132659776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132659776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70301.948066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70301.948066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70301.948066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70301.948066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70301.948066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70301.948066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          262                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.618224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs          1067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.072519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019268616000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.851640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.766584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.053228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.610412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.663639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1485                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1485                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1485                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1485                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          299                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          303                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5346554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5346554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5346554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5346554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5346554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5346554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17881.451505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17645.392739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17881.451505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17645.392739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17881.451505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17645.392739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4395940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4395940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4395940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4395940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4395940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4395940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14702.140468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14702.140468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14702.140468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14702.140468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14702.140468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14702.140468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         3039                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.269912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         3039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.639026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126197300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.673248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.596664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.042078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2168                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2168                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3084                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3089                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         3089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37615113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37615113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37615113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37615113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37615113                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37615113                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.587540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.587597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.587540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.587597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.587540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.587597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12196.858949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12177.116543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12196.858949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12177.116543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12196.858949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12177.116543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28040409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28040409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28040409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28040409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28040409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28040409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.587540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.587540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.587540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9092.220817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9092.220817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9092.220817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9092.220817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9092.220817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9092.220817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3745                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               455.772338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   55589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.843525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019376001300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.309299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   455.463039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.889576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.890180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44385                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21869                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21869                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66254                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66257                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8066                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          926                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    703943940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    703943940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81279811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81279811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    785223751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    785223751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    785223751                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    785223751                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.153782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.153805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040665                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87272.990330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87251.355974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87775.173866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87680.486516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87324.705405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87295.580989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87324.705405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87295.580989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1245                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1245                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    257433659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    257433659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77709024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77709024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    335142683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335142683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    335142683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335142683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75604.598825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75604.598825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84191.791983                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84191.791983                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77435.924908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77435.924908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77435.924908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77435.924908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56497                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6307                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35676                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23917                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       158059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                264779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56497                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23917                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              7140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        486314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2372                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33782                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2937                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             85                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       761487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.636997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          680231     89.33%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8992      1.18%     90.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5161      0.68%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3690      0.48%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5725      0.75%     92.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5336      0.70%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5091      0.67%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3533      0.46%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43728      5.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       761487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051072                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239355                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          165088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       493449                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            73920                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4699                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        467727                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          174718                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         396730                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64628                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            68964                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        32116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        446287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          268                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       533849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1165810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1165810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       329005                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          204693                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75745                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66581                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30483                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1977                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            421017                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           368130                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       228904                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          682                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       761487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.205574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       611555     80.31%     80.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57326      7.53%     87.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34385      4.52%     92.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22419      2.94%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16369      2.15%     97.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10302      1.35%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6549      0.86%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2159      0.28%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          423      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       761487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            753     32.80%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           828     36.06%     68.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          715     31.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3026      0.82%      0.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       277493     75.38%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59554     16.18%     92.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        28057      7.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        368130                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.332783                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2296                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006237                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1504042                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       566049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       355196                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        367400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4611                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22539                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          118                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7688                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         355709                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       423176                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66581                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30483                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2142                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          118                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1944                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7547                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       360541                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57279                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84725                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37007                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27446                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325922                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                356276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               355196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           245874                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           393672                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321090                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.624566                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6622                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       737320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.371539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       647420     87.81%     87.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35251      4.78%     92.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13370      1.81%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14576      1.98%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6926      0.94%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3352      0.45%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2719      0.37%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2202      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11504      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       737320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       153982                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        273943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66821                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44026                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30178                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           273565                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1147877                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             870601                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 344731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             153982                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               273943                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       153982                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.184073                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.184073                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          721459                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         412495                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         167844                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.134775                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1134775139616                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6154542409221                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24713                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46164                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32738921                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4659372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34661.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856577194                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1600099864                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3535936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       146304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       967872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9983744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            14702144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       967872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         967872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10787968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10787968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       155996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               229721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         168562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              168562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3115979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       128928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       852920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      8797993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               12955998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       852920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            852920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          9506701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total               9506701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          9506701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3115979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       128928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       852920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      8797993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              22462699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   103741                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.474890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   103755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.531309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020599630000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.111213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.363678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.960230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8436                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8436                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           27123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              27123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          27123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             27123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103832                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99066                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         100794                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        202871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       202871                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4588340774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4589424774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126935784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6675957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6802892784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128019784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11264297774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11392317558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128019784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11264297774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11392317558                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109230                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       229994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       229994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.922768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.882964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40148.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44201.539174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44200.485149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73458.208333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67388.983102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67493.033157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72945.745869                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55524.435597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55673.851602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72945.745869                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55524.435597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55673.851602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       397200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  34                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11682.352941                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56745                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56745                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       100794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       202871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       202871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       746700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3306544299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3307290999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106135884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5452891503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5559027387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106882584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8759435802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8866318386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106882584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8759435802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8866318386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27655.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31853.420346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31852.328752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61421.229167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55043.016807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55152.364099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60901.757265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43177.367894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43329.383294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60901.757265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43177.367894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43329.383294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      31973573                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3549.648454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        56738449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      31977045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.774349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          458.525191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    56.599733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    36.378814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2376.747163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    621.396236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.111945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.580261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.151708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.866613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17054687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4456147                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22398978                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7241339                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51151151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8355994                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8355994                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1160155                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1160155                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1386723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1386723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17054687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4456147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22398978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8628062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                52537874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17054687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4456147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22398978                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8628062                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               52537874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       533522                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321044                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21467926                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6894710                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             29217202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        83693                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             83693                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2013122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2013122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       533522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21467926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8907832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              31230324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       533522                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321044                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21467926                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8907832                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             31230324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11902320543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6909162562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 473465849711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 170445777124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   662723109940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2222644976                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2222644976                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57656454587                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  57656454587                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11902320543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6909162562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 473465849711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228102231711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    720379564527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11902320543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6909162562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 473465849711                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228102231711                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   720379564527                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17588209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4777191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43866904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14136049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80368353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8355995                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8355995                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1243848                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1243848                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3399845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3399845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17588209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4777191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43866904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17535894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83768198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17588209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4777191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43866904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17535894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83768198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.363541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.067286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.592122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.372818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.372818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22308.959224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21520.921001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22054.568742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24721.239490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22682.634358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26557.119186                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26557.119186                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28640.318166                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28640.318166                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22308.959224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21520.921001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22054.568742                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25606.930139                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23066.669578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22308.959224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21520.921001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22054.568742                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25606.930139                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23066.669578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4477403                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4477403                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              3984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               3984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              3984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       531503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21467925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6894708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29213218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        83693                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        83693                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2013122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2013122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       531503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21467925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8907830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         31226340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       531503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21467925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8907830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        31226340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9024644565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5142964915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 351734705380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132506271371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 498408586231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3381306538                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3381306538                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46342281599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46342281599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9024644565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5142964915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 351734705380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 178848552970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 544750867830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9024644565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5142964915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 351734705380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 178848552970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 544750867830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10660947208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10660947208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15854941323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15854941323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26515888531                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26515888531                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.372771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16979.480012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16118.003883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16384.196674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19218.547235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17061.064147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40401.306418                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40401.306418                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23020.105885                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23020.105885                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16979.480012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16118.003883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16384.196674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20077.679184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17445.235908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16979.480012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16118.003883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16384.196674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20077.679184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17445.235908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        173403                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32345.472689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        33377163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        205868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        162.128952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18925.080829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.073264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.015963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   479.764132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   149.435783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5688.800186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7102.300462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.577548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.173608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.216745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       529217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318410                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21452794                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6745841                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               29046262                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4477404                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4477404                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34787                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               34787                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1842918                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1842918                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       529217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21452794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8588759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                30889180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       529217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318410                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21452794                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8588759                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               30889180                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2286                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       148867                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               166956                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        69216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             69216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149894                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             149894                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       298761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                316850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2286                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       298761                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               316850                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    211896531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62481585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1414894098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8724879378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10414151592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1734950410                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1734950410                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13444217714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13444217714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    211896531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62481585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1414894098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22169097092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     23858369306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    211896531                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62481585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1414894098                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22169097092                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    23858369306                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       531503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21467925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6894708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           29213218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4477404                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4477404                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       104003                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          104003                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1992812                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1992812                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       531503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21467925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8887520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            31206030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       531503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21467925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8887520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           31206030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.005715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.665519                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.665519                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.075217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.010153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.010153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92693.145669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92978.549107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93509.622497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58608.552453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62376.623733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25065.742169                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25065.742169                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89691.500087                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89691.500087                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92693.145669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92978.549107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93509.622497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74203.450557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75298.624920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92693.145669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92978.549107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93509.622497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74203.450557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75298.624920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              111817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   111817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          166956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        69216                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        69216                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       149894                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        149894                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           316850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          316850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179828156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53035216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1201482797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6628234795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8062580964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3419385569                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3419385569                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11300932503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11300932503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179828156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53035216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1201482797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17929167298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19363513467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179828156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53035216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1201482797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17929167298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19363513467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9498322261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9498322261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14117395879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14117395879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23615718140                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23615718140                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.665519                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665519                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78664.985127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78921.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79405.379486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44524.540664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48291.651477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49401.663907                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49401.663907                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75392.827618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75392.827618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78664.985127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78921.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79405.379486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60011.739477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61112.556311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78664.985127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78921.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79405.379486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60011.739477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61112.556311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                32678305                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44065                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20022631                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12655674                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22033                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22033                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               22384                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43866910                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               132391518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43867422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.017992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132376634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      132376634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132376634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       132376634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132376634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      132376634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48118479                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     48118479                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48118479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      48118479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48118479                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     48118479                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1041949615774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1041949615774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1041949615774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1041949615774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1041949615774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1041949615774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180495113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180495113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180495113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180495113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180495113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180495113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21653.835230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21653.835230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21653.835230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21653.835230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21653.835230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21653.835230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       331769                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41471.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4251558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4251558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4251558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4251558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4251558                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4251558                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43866921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43866921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43866921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43866921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43866921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43866921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 812922522794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 812922522794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 812922522794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 812922522794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 812922522794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 812922522794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18531.561009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18531.561009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18531.561009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18531.561009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18531.561009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18531.561009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4779108                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.996275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4434493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4779124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.927888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4433978                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4433978                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4433978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4433978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4433978                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4433978                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4779822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4779822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779822                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4779822                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  81859248618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81859248618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  81859248618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  81859248618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  81859248618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  81859248618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9213800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9213800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9213800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9213800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9213800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9213800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.518768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17126.003566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17126.003566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17126.003566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17126.003566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17126.003566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17126.003566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        36034                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        36034                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4779822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4779822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4779822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67184110232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67184110232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67184110232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67184110232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67184110232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67184110232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14055.776603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14055.776603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14055.776603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14055.776603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14055.776603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14055.776603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17594828                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5095334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17594844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.289592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5094955                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5094955                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5094955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5094955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5094955                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5094955                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17605738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17605738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17605738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17605738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17605738                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17605738                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 285365143209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 285365143209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 285365143209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 285365143209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 285365143209                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 285365143209                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22700693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22700693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22700693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22700693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22700693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22700693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.775559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.775559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.775559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16208.644205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16208.644205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16208.644205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16208.644205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16208.644205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16208.644205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        17658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        17658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17605738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17605738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17605738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17605738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17605738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17605738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231579988353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 231579988353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231579988353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 231579988353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231579988353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 231579988353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13153.665490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13153.665490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13153.665490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13153.665490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13153.665490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13153.665490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17496195                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.779918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279940834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17496706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.999631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.779918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180216707                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180216707                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98320453                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98320453                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278537160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278537160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278537160                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278537160                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21794415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21794415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4670130                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4670130                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26464545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26464545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26464545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26464545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 584643410722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 584643410722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119519519627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 119519519627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 704162930349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 704162930349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 704162930349                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 704162930349                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202011122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202011122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102990583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102990583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305001705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    305001705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305001705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    305001705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26825.377544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26825.377544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25592.332468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25592.332468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26607.785259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26607.785259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26607.785259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26607.785259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8302304                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8302304                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7648241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7648241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        53789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        53789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7702030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7702030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7702030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7702030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14146174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14146174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4616341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4616341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18762515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18762515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18762515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18762515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 327198428316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 327198428316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102276668965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102276668965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 429475097281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 429475097281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 429475097281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 429475097281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11131044843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11131044843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16477089898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16477089898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27608134741                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27608134741                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044823                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044823                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23129.817880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23129.817880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22155.353984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22155.353984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22890.060169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22890.060169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22890.060169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22890.060169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3369108803                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231821614                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231821614                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43079918                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    197474434                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103868327                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1509583276                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1057015160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231821614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103868327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329655698                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156360607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          87698592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     395520923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       732558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2214261                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        180495121                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30571273                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1215614                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2437101216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.811872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.253397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2116048417     86.83%     86.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19791529      0.81%     87.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14705935      0.60%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26484393      1.09%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22757400      0.93%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27759310      1.14%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19733513      0.81%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16834615      0.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       172986104      7.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2437101216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.068808                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.313737                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1572350485                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    441977162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304875963                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6201754                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111695852                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1917915430                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1160                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111695852                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1593042164                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      139904638                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    258055118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289428019                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     44975425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1839645410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       659514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7164296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29467809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       208181                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1997797125                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4573475942                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4573386982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        88960                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1204883983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       792913137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6223599                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6241147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        139503089                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259769169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159413678                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     17005063                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15500878                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1706422249                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8965568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1542550144                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7893008                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    570166432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    760540291                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3266909                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2437101216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.632945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.407670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1860116646     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198283696      8.14%     84.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124546943      5.11%     89.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85313470      3.50%     93.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69939155      2.87%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49283967      2.02%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36434241      1.49%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11014533      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2168565      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2437101216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4460039     42.20%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4029339     38.12%     80.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2079742     19.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18672803      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1145591856     74.27%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236692821     15.34%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141592664      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1542550144                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.457851                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10569120                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5547323752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2285987814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1466702531                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41223                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24314                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20322                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1534425830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20631                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23320765                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95229385                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       516282                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       481934                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56391089                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       201771                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111695852                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       80959849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1893406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1715387817                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29733172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259769169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159413678                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7907758                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        942953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        73303                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       481934                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14298733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33941101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48239834                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1496328529                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225588011                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46221617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361560614                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158233601                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135972603                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.444132                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1469636728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1466722853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        922930879                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1422452188                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.435344                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648831                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    630498075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5698659                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43338853                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2326311961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.466329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.418656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1969765841     84.67%     84.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    127998236      5.50%     90.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57694685      2.48%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63024084      2.71%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33404454      1.44%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15014262      0.65%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11889587      0.51%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7826305      0.34%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39694507      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2326311961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586870844                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1084826697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267562371                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164539783                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             578315                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125550169                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1080248742                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39694507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4000634239                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3542826849                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26805170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              932007587                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            37146947                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586870844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1084826697                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586870844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.740801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.740801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.174192                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.174192                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2865535597                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1578325987                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20322                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      704526146                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5350284                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2842128888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       512207257                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3358126169                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2842128888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2842128888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    357188356                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364752792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355266111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81136052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436639020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51529666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51710991                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2427998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       831432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        74023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2504574509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          451373351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            2959287749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2504574509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2504574509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3317154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3348868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         314765757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            321431779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3323591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5776866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       831432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        74023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2504574509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         766139108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3280719529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               32678305                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44065                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12655674                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20022631                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22033                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22033                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              22243                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3407723723                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268309317                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   512796994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           511084020                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36598735                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  511084020                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1317862395                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        565615326                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132885566                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81221297                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51664269                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2807947122.750387                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             599776600.249613                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.176005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.823995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
