
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51614                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    92027                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28117489                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536062                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              305984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        78720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            78720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    276572422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    467455607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    279859733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1047775554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    467455607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467674761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        269559492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             269559492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        269559492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    276572422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    467455607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    279859733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1317335046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1258                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.665757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614694000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.665757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.541610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.541610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1271                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1271                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232497840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    232497840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233357840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    233357840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233357840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    233357840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        43000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182925.129819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182925.129819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180757.428350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180757.428350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180757.428350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180757.428350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1219800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9171.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1238                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1238                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       611600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       611600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217397784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217397784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    218009384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218009384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    218009384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218009384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171044.676633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171044.676633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168868.616576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168868.616576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168868.616576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168868.616576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           256                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1821.025884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.425781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           88.990745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.936337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.111810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.063681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1169.809403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    512.114042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.444586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2017                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             667                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  667                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2316                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2017                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          654                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3237                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8037591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2883811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224359675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103600982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338882059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32757399                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32757399                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8037591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2883811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224359675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136358381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       371639458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8037591                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2883811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224359675                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136358381                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      371639458                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              667                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              408                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.393700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.769042                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.769608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.411472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.411472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 114822.728571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110915.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103726.155802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107247.393375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104690.163423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104656.226837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104322.926752                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 114822.728571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110915.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103726.155802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106613.276779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104657.690228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 114822.728571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110915.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103726.155802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106613.276779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104657.690228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7653391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2741511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212413235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98311282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321119419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       189460                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189460                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31019899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31019899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7653391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2741511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212413235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129331181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352139318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7653391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2741511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212413235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129331181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352139318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10245425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10245425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.769042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.409965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109334.157143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105442.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98203.067499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101771.513458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99571.912868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94730                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94730                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99105.108626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99105.108626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109334.157143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105442.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98203.067499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101118.984363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99530.615602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109334.157143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105442.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98203.067499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101118.984363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99530.615602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1785.389583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.760441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.977428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.143622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1198.244319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    534.263908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3205                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3519                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7413891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204721133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94919386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309706821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29969451                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29969451                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7413891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204721133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124888837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       339676272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7413891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204721133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124888837                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      339676272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.990988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.990988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105912.728571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102015.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95978.027661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98464.093361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96632.393448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95749.044728                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95444.111465                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105912.728571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102015.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95978.027661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97798.619421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96526.363171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105912.728571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102015.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95978.027661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97798.619421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96526.363171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6444923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2291584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174767758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81475102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264979367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25523721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25523721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6444923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2291584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174767758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106998823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    290503088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6444923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2291584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174767758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106998823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    290503088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2837881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2837881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9154381                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9154381                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92070.328571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88137.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.188936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84517.740664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82987.587535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81545.434505                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81545.434505                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92070.328571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88137.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.188936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83789.211433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82858.838562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92070.328571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88137.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.188936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83789.211433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82858.838562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3669                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               428.394305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.956936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598738589670                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.194102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   428.200203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.836329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.836708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25604                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25604                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4899                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4899                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319117986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319117986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319117986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319117986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319117986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319117986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65152.712536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65139.413350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65152.712536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65139.413350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65152.712536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65139.413350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248806704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248806704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248806704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248806704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248806704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248806704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59523.134928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.134928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59523.134928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.134928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59523.134928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.134928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          105                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.333500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.838095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748056300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.198383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.699899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.708344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          121                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4377798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4377798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4377798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4377798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4377798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4377798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.181682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37099.983051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36180.148760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37099.983051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36180.148760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37099.983051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36180.148760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4004768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4004768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4004768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4004768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4004768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4004768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33938.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33938.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33938.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33938.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33938.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33938.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2377                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.906627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.314682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620003300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.823959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.082668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          778                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          778                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2394                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2394                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35877895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35877895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35877895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35877895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35877895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35877895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.754729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.754729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.754729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15030.538333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14986.589390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15030.538333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14986.589390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15030.538333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14986.589390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28500660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28500660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28500660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28500660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28500660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28500660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11939.949728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11939.949728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11939.949728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11939.949728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11939.949728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11939.949728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1439                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               367.927644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   35240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.489229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.445017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   367.482628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.717740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.718609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31714                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31714                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17337                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17338                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2780                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3204                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218551499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218551499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37119877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37119877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255671376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255671376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255671376                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255671376                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78615.647122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78587.378281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87961.793839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87753.846336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79847.400375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79797.558052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79847.400375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79797.558052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          667                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              667                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112984316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112984316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34608729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34608729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147593045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147593045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147593045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147593045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7328989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7328989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10654933                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10654933                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023087                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74039.525557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74039.525557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84411.534146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84411.534146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76236.076963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76236.076963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76236.076963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76236.076963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44347                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33732                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17795                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       202778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212074                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44347                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17795                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62714                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          772                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30493                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4228                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             57                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       456577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.863353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.334682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          395210     86.56%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2785      0.61%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2533      0.55%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3289      0.72%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4988      1.09%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3756      0.82%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5807      1.27%     91.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2777      0.61%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35432      7.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       456577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050571                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241840                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          200699                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        378943                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          205843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108858                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53746                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53967                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13558                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       397391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       901080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       900930                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153874                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1041                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1037                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27562                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            334837                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1738                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297176                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111451                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          847                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       456577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.650878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.422371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       346035     75.79%     75.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36984      8.10%     83.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23567      5.16%     89.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18145      3.97%     93.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12930      2.83%     95.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9751      2.14%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6475      1.42%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2222      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          468      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       456577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            728     46.76%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           426     27.36%     74.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          403     25.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3175      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228848     77.01%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41753     14.05%     92.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23390      7.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297176                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338887                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1557                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1055108                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       448116                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        295529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5013                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18057                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9750                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91958                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       336575                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27562                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1359                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           555                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          171                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1475                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8078                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       288530                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39586                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29576                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22338                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329028                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284056                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186255                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296036                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322992                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629163                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7010                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       436064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.425103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       361955     83.01%     83.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27454      6.30%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13676      3.14%     92.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11693      2.68%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6782      1.56%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3422      0.78%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2008      0.46%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2794      0.64%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6280      1.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       436064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117385                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47384                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29577                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23931                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214055                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6280                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              766087                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             693772                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2752                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 420340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215969                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.470435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.470435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          559468                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309342                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126592                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.019044                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2019043607328                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9618106760838                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29492                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    51356                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29656361                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5069760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 68081.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007883038                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3496370183                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1502720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4596800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     63146304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    312606592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           382755776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     63146304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       63146304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    174203008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        174203008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       986661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4884478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5980559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2721922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2721922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       744273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2276722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       445645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     31275354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    154829044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              189572813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     31275354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          31275354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         86279963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              86279963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         86279963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       744273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2276722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       445645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     31275354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    154829044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             275852776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23919                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.814782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.173569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.010848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23559                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1948770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17244770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4204581064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5482000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4210063064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4219877064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7430770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4227307834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4219877064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7430770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4227307834                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.968900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42021.978022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47530.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42579.679012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179009.752384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 77211.267606                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178702.961246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176919.212812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66346.160714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176402.430062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176919.212812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66346.160714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176402.430062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28049500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10388.703704                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23535                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23535                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10770000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1440400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12210400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3921581500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4610900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3926192400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3932351500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6051300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3938402800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3932351500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6051300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3938402800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29587.912088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35131.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30149.135802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166961.065225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 64942.253521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166653.610085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164864.644474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54029.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164346.636622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164864.644474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54029.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164346.636622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      20430248                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4015.578104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        87454679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      20434312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.279796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625732504000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          985.640995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.004775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   146.409210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.044674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    921.680122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1915.795296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.240635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.225020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.467723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31680802                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2657210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12535547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     23837008                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               70710567                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20499048                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20499048                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1024446                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1024446                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5748848                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              5748848                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31680802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2657210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12535547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29585856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                76459415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31680802                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2657210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12535547                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29585856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               76459415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       449946                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152543                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4750997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11311829                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16665315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7657                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7657                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3709785                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3709785                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       449946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4750997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15021614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              20375100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       449946                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4750997                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15021614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             20375100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15570766813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4510709113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 183071096487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 474194660020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   677347232433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    181879627                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    181879627                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249742422433                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 249742422433                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15570766813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4510709113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 183071096487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 723937082453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    927089654866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15570766813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4510709113                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 183071096487                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 723937082453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   927089654866                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32130748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2809753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17286544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35148837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           87375882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20499048                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20499048                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1032103                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1032103                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9458633                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9458633                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32130748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2809753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17286544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44607470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            96834515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32130748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2809753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17286544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44607470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           96834515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.190731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007419                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007419                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.392212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.210412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.210412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34605.856732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29570.082619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38533.195556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41920.246498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40644.130185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23753.379522                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23753.379522                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67319.918117                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67319.918117                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34605.856732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29570.082619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38533.195556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48193.029221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45501.109436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34605.856732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29570.082619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38533.195556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48193.029221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45501.109436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7547445                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7547445                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       449913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4750994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11311785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16665186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7657                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7657                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3709785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3709785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       449913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4750994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15021570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         20374971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       449913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4750994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15021570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        20374971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13122529483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3666484413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 156177893841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 410913277138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 583880184875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    622805194                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    622805194                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228976429796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 228976429796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13122529483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3666484413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 156177893841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 639889706934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 812856614671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13122529483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3666484413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 156177893841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 639889706934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 812856614671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103296679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103296679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    235941763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    235941763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    339238442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    339238442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007419                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007419                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.210410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29166.815547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24043.466713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32872.677558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36326.121575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35035.923684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81338.016717                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81338.016717                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61722.291129                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61722.291129                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29166.815547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24043.466713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32872.677558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42598.057789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39894.859957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29166.815547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24043.466713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32872.677558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42598.057789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39894.859957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5931337                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32211.134970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        18254094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5964012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.060707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625589250277                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11381.658730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.083273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.053509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   508.447471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   128.078926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6290.282131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13902.522733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.347341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.191964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.424271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       378088                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       138435                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3764332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8549608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12830463                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7547445                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7547445                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1334                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1334                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1587136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1587136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       378088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       138435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3764332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10136744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                14417599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       378088                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       138435                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3764332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10136744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               14417599                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14059                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       986662                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2762177                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3834723                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2122522                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2122522                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       986662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4884699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5957245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71825                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       986662                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4884699                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5957245                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6698570648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1331477620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  92188969369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 258508042295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   358727059932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     51158193                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     51158193                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 197020137261                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 197020137261                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6698570648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1331477620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  92188969369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 455528179556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    555747197193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6698570648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1331477620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  92188969369                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 455528179556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   555747197193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       449913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4750994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11311785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16665186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7547445                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7547445                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7784                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7784                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3709658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3709658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       449913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4750994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15021443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            20374844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       449913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4750994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15021443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           20374844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.230104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828623                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.828623                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.572161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.572161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.292382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.292382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93262.382847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94706.424355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93435.208176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93588.514529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93547.059314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7931.502791                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7931.502791                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92823.601951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92823.601951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93262.382847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94706.424355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93435.208176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93256.141178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93289.296847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93262.382847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94706.424355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93435.208176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93256.141178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93289.296847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2698387                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2698387                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       986662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2762177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3834723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6450                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6450                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2122522                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2122522                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       986662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4884699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5957245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       986662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4884699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5957245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5691301699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1134914237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78276221744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219605241201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 304707678881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    504875268                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    504875268                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166601633714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 166601633714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5691301699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1134914237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78276221744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 386206874915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 471309312595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5691301699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1134914237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78276221744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 386206874915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 471309312595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     92232829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     92232829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    207123228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    207123228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    299356057                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    299356057                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828623                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.828623                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.572161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.292382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79238.450386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80725.103990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79334.383755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79504.405837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79460.153675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78275.235349                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78275.235349                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78492.300063                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78492.300063                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79238.450386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80725.103990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79334.383755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79064.620955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79115.314645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79238.450386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80725.103990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79334.383755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79064.620955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79115.314645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9700                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2758                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6942                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              17286627                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               491226126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              17287139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.415698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    491220877                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      491220877                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    491220877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       491220877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    491220877                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      491220877                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18602254                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18602254                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18602254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      18602254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18602254                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     18602254                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 440065867510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 440065867510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 440065867510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 440065867510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 440065867510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 440065867510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    509823131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    509823131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    509823131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    509823131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    509823131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    509823131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23656.588471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23656.588471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23656.588471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23656.588471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23656.588471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23656.588471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9779671                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            240                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40748.629167                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1315531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1315531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1315531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1315531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1315531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1315531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17286723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17286723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17286723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17286723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17286723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17286723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 337737812624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 337737812624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 337737812624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 337737812624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 337737812624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 337737812624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19537.411031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19537.411031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19537.411031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19537.411031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19537.411031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19537.411031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2809920                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9638817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2809936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.430262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9638589                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9638589                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9638589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9638589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9638589                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9638589                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2810122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2810122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2810122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2810122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2810122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2810122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44691690397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44691690397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44691690397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  44691690397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44691690397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  44691690397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12448711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12448711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12448711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12448711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12448711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12448711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.225736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15903.825669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15903.825669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15903.825669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15903.825669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15903.825669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15903.825669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1041                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1041                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2810122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2810122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2810122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2810122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2810122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2810122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  35847274593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35847274593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  35847274593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35847274593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  35847274593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35847274593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12756.483382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12756.483382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12756.483382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12756.483382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12756.483382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12756.483382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     32136992                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      63146612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     32137008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.964919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63146082                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     63146082                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63146082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     63146082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63146082                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     63146082                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32144557                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     32144557                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32144557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     32144557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32144557                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     32144557                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 407275081912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 407275081912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 407275081912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 407275081912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 407275081912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 407275081912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     95290639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     95290639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     95290639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     95290639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     95290639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     95290639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.337332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.337332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.337332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12670.110274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12670.110274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12670.110274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12670.110274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12670.110274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12670.110274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        14408                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        14408                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32144557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     32144557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32144557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     32144557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32144557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     32144557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 307014451716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 307014451716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 307014451716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 307014451716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 307014451716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 307014451716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9551.055618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9551.055618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9551.055618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9551.055618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9551.055618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9551.055618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              44607275                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               986914370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              44607787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.124262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    727685981                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      727685981                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    258018238                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     258018238                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    985704219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       985704219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    985704219                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      985704219                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     54524125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     54524125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10520783                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10520783                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     65044908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      65044908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     65044908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     65044908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1582055348478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1582055348478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 382881390981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 382881390981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1964936739459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1964936739459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1964936739459                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1964936739459                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    782210106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    782210106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268539021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268539021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1050749127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1050749127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1050749127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1050749127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039178                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039178                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29015.694401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29015.694401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36392.860777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36392.860777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30208.924878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30208.924878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30208.924878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30208.924878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     20483599                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         20483599                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19364495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     19364495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        48539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        48539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19413034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     19413034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19413034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     19413034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     35159630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     35159630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10472244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10472244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     45631874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     45631874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     45631874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     45631874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 762161383691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 762161383691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 343125623055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 343125623055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1105287006746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105287006746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1105287006746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105287006746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    107701056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    107701056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    247035302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    247035302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    354736358                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    354736358                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038997                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038997                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21677.173045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21677.173045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32765.243348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32765.243348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24221.819309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24221.819309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24221.819309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24221.819309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6063194016                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       596814128                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    596814128                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     64225228                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    431810692                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       348673075                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1980074963                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3299376989                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          596814128                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    348673075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            977606227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      342404450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          89043838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1903517054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        84971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1902599                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2472                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        509823349                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31928985                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1332026                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5229073843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.107216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.551116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4267711723     81.62%     81.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        60432570      1.16%     82.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59046110      1.13%     83.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86466605      1.65%     85.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        66035629      1.26%     86.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80352796      1.54%     88.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59703213      1.14%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        66935722      1.28%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       482389475      9.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5229073843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.098432                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.544165                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2053960530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1959096075                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        900832706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     38342813                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     276841719                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5653914733                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2473                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     276841719                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2136818216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1588130614                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     33621928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        849189590                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    344471776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5497710371                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3162159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      59662400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    265877742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1851608                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6154608073                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13854175242                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13808222927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45952315                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3950123288                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2204484674                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1774764                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1773928                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        744741653                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1068087494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    428052736                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     71117498                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     47056682                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5257503768                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3547894                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4580958200                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10451003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1710157093                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2563924628                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1549842                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5229073843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.876055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.499378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3361920963     64.29%     64.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    677556633     12.96%     77.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    469592316      8.98%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    287864895      5.51%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    199044962      3.81%     95.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129888690      2.48%     98.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     72355214      1.38%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25933692      0.50%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4916478      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5229073843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6527847     30.48%     30.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        29480      0.14%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8889283     41.51%     72.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5970407     27.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31763760      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3287871956     71.77%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7219144      0.16%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    903872810     19.73%     92.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    350230530      7.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4580958200                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.755535                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21417017                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14420352790                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6947998874                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4431612952                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27818933                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     24061067                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12854430                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4556754399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13857058                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     97916369                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    366253059                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       804546                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       890225                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    159517373                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       217168                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          583                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     276841719                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1124175199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     24577327                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5261051662                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30397902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1068087494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    428052736                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3111706                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9350606                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3055950                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       890225                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     44048425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     25117170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     69165595                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4507815479                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    880412751                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     73142717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1223932135                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       432922868                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         343519384                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.743472                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4458290821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4444467382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3116092826                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4828019879                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.733024                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645418                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1782257870                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1998052                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     64436147                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   4952587375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.702936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.757799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3874130069     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    371103041      7.49%     85.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    167168481      3.38%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    204100190      4.12%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75667681      1.53%     94.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44247095      0.89%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33215728      0.67%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23231408      0.47%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    159723682      3.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   4952587375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999760681                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3481350452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             970369773                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701834415                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             185348                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         366046052                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10133200                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3459617857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    159723682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10055995906                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10805188264                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               17885139                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              834120173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999760681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3481350452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999760681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.031960                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.031960                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.329820                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.329820                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8739181574                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4941478486                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12306096                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9423321                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2170454588                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1681864                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74138280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12476341                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           86873085                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74138280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74138280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9048880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10283144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9267285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1942533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11241898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1218526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1237847                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        86956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        38664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           36719504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6179332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              43026849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      36719504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         36719504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       610634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               678                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4481766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5093077                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       611826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        86956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        38664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          36719504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10661098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             48119926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9700                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6942                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2758                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6061267762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7047637                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13114827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13060483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1024507                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13060483                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          33890690                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15001196                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3168267                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1946950                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1221317                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6045935052.623241                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15332709.376759                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002530                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997470                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
