
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 291822                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   520387                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              181386977                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466274                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        78272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              137600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        78272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          78464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4858084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    270065285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    138897027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              474767264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    270065285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         270727751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4858084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    270065285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    138897027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             527764540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.853881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083018494000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.853881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.553368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.553368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     45477968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45477968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     45606968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     45606968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     45606968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     45606968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        43000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177648.312500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177648.312500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176088.679537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176088.679537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176088.679537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176088.679537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       215800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8300                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        92300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        92300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     42398492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42398492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     42490792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42490792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     42490792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42490792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30766.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30766.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165619.109375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165619.109375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164057.111969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164057.111969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164057.111969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164057.111969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                            14                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1401.749150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                            14                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.714286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           71.930026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              2.102056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.382274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.032951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    913.075715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    380.226213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.222919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.092829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.342224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1186                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          121                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          201                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1626                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             284                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  284                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   44                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1186                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          121                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1670                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1764                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1894                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2271934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       615526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127913407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53206765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      184007632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13314770                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13314770                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2271934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       615526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127913407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66521535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       197322402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2271934                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       615526                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127913407                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66521535                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      197322402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          284                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              284                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.909970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.713267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.520354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745665                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.747126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.909970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.531425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.909970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.531425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103269.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102587.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104589.866721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106413.530000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104312.716553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103215.271318                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102421.307692                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103269.727273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102587.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104589.866721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105757.607313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104182.894403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103269.727273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102587.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104589.866721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105757.607313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104182.894403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2150534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       582226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121173507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50482665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174388932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12598070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12598070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2150534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       582226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121173507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63080735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186987002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2150534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       582226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121173507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63080735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186987002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2054867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2054867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2691436                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2691436                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.909970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.713267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.909970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.527497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.909970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.527497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97751.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97037.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99078.910057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100965.330000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99593.907481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97659.457364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97659.457364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97751.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97037.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99078.910057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100287.337043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99461.171277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97751.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97037.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99078.910057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100287.337043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99461.171277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1345.885168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              2.999941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.383339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.600147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    917.910057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    389.991768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.028012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.041073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1764                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1894                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2075434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117008665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48725143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      168371368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12166237                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12166237                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2075434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117008665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60891380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       180537605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2075434                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562126                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117008665                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60891380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      180537605                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94337.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93687.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95673.479150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97450.286000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95448.621315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94311.914729                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93586.438462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94337.909091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93687.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95673.479150                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96806.645469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95320.805174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94337.909091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93687.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95673.479150                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96806.645469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95320.805174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1768539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       478700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99838799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     41776388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143862426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10331764                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10331764                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1768539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       478700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99838799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52108152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154194190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1768539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       478700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99838799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52108152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154194190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.992608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80388.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79783.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81634.340965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83552.776000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82160.151913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80091.193798                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80091.193798                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80388.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79783.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81634.340965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82842.848967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82018.186170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80388.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79783.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81634.340965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82842.848967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82018.186170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 74                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                28                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          7                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                   835                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               446.736920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                    9891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.845509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083020577000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.810034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.926886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.868998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.872533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        13196                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          13209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        13196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           13209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        13196                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          13209                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1658                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1661                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1658                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1661                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165684299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165684299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165684299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165684299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165684299                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165684299                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99930.216526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99749.728477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99930.216526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99749.728477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99930.216526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99749.728477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131779551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131779551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131779551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131779551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131779551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131779551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98050.261161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98050.261161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98050.261161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98050.261161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98050.261161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98050.261161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          116                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.767736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            59                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.508621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.313900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.453836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.019619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.590865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.610483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2094361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2094361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2094361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2094361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2094361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2094361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.502024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.508000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.502024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.508000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.502024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.508000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16890.008065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16491.031496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16890.008065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16491.031496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16890.008065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16491.031496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1704686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1704686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1704686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.502024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.502024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.502024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13747.467742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13747.467742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13747.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13747.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13747.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13747.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1197                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.355780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.099415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.059949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.295831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.830989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.897236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          142                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          144                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          142                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1208                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1208                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14725473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14725473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14725473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     14725473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14725473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     14725473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.894815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.893805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.894815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.893805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.894815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.893805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12189.961093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12149.730198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12189.961093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12149.730198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12189.961093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12149.730198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10990194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10990194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10990194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10990194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10990194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10990194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.894815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.894815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.894815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9097.842715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9097.842715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9097.842715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9097.842715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9097.842715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9097.842715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   633                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               216.152130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   18736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 29.598736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.672961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   215.479168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.841716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.844344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14531                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7956                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7956                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22487                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22491                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1238                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          173                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1408                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1412                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100359954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100359954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     14564332                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14564332                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114924286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    114924286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114924286                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    114924286                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021402                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81263.120648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81066.198708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84186.890173                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83703.057471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81622.362216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81391.137394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81622.362216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81391.137394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          284                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              284                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56623625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56623625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13791437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13791437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70415062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70415062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70415062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70415062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2132125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2132125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2796294                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2796294                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021156                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80660.434473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80660.434473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80182.773256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80182.773256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80566.432494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80566.432494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80566.432494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80566.432494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  408025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           22163                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        22163                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3638                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14650                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8152                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        86498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                100259                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              22163                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8152                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                30475                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          14493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         60903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          288                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14854                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2035                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             27                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       190418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.018654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.521381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          160750     84.42%     84.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1208      0.63%     85.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1208      0.63%     85.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1653      0.87%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2163      1.14%     87.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1602      0.84%     88.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2196      1.15%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1555      0.82%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           18083      9.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       190418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.054318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.245718                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           84337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        67076                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            27507                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          808                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         10688                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        184844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         10688                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           86908                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          37442                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        24342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25670                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5366                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        174102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          1019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       187905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       437944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       437944                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107685                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           80203                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          527                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            16574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        21642                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12933                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            158674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           140287                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        57735                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83923                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          402                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       190418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.736732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.518765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       140292     73.68%     73.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15475      8.13%     81.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10628      5.58%     87.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8268      4.34%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6434      3.38%     95.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4514      2.37%     97.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3444      1.81%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1122      0.59%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          241      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       190418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            283     48.96%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           142     24.57%     73.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          153     26.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2191      1.56%      1.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       107972     76.97%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        19109     13.62%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        11015      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        140287                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.343820                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                578                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004120                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       473011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       217328                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       132579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        138674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         8743                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4790                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         10688                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          31159                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          312                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       159515                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        21642                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12933                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          705                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           140                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3450                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4192                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       135371                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17987                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4915                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               28438                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           14005                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10451                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.331771                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                133018                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               132579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            85783                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           142621                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324929                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.601475                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        61823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       179802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.496672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       146737     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12009      6.68%     88.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6353      3.53%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4873      2.71%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3300      1.84%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1362      0.76%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          956      0.53%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1085      0.60%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3127      1.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       179802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50627                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21038                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12896                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10971                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3127                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              336117                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             329829                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   1045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 217607                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97691                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      8.059435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                8.059435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.124078                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.124078                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          265208                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         141148                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          58627                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003782759434                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087254469164                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 103213                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   194857                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4536476923                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4586748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4409.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   455121129                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     859230869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2536320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        29120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       653888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7734912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            11897856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       653888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         653888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8590464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8590464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             39630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       120858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               185904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         134226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              134226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              126792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        32688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       386672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 594780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        32688                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             32688                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           429442                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                429442                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           429442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             126792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        32688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       386672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1024222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    89163                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.839771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      39673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    89178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.444874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.834608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10690                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10690                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4109                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4109                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           14799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              14799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          14799                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             14799                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        67447                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           67675                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        73890                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          88482                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        141337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           156157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       141337                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          156157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9649000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2727228289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2736877289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2565648176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4970873000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7536521176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2575297176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7698101289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10273398465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2575297176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7698101289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10273398465                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        78137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         78365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        77999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        92591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       156136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         170956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       156136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        170956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.947320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.913434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.913434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42320.175439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40435.131125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40441.481921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175825.669956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67273.961294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85175.755250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173771.739271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54466.284759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65788.907734                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173771.739271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54466.284759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65788.907734                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18219000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1627                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11197.910264                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          54675                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               54675                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        67447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        73890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        88482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       141337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       141337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      6851400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1887824513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1894675913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2389791784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4060024004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6449815788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2396643184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5947848517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8344491701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2396643184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5947848517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8344491701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.947320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 27989.747698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27996.688777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163774.108004                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54946.867019                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72894.100359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161716.814035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42082.742077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53436.552322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161716.814035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42082.742077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53436.552322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1625081                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4055.229682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        23264008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1629138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         14.279949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1144.025339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    43.721414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    22.471493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2174.112232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    669.896919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.279303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.530789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.163549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.990046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2787569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307011                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10941573                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4837795                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               18873948                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4652501                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              4652501                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115172                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              115172                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1016083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1016083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2787569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10941573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5853878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                19890031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2787569                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307011                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10941573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5853878                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               19890031                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5090                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       834745                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       509905                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1372701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        23614                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             23614                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       312487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             312487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       834745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       822392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1685188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5090                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       834745                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       822392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1685188                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    525921618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    123779500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18980195676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14823553867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    34453450661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    988181154                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    988181154                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17658027664                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  17658027664                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    525921618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    123779500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18980195676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32481581531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     52111478325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    525921618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    123779500                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18980195676                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32481581531                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    52111478325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2810530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11776318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5347700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           20246649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4652501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          4652501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138786                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          138786                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1328570                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1328570                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2810530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11776318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6676270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            21575219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2810530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11776318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6676270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           21575219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.070883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.067799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.170147                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.170147                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235206                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.235206                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.070883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.123181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.078108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.070883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.123181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.078108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22904.996211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24318.172888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22737.717118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29071.207121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25099.020589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41847.258152                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41847.258152                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56508.039259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56508.039259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22904.996211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24318.172888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22737.717118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39496.470699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30923.243178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22904.996211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24318.172888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22737.717118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39496.470699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30923.243178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              549333                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   549333                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       834741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       509838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1372630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23614                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        23614                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       312487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        312487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       834741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       822325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1685117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       834741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       822325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1685117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    402974082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95833758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14236674831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11995399854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26730882525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1082728188                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1082728188                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15905841610                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15905841610                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    402974082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95833758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14236674831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27901241464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42636724135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    402974082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95833758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14236674831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27901241464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42636724135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4536373993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4536373993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8726415445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8726415445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13262789438                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13262789438                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.070883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.170147                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170147                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.070883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.123171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.078104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.070883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.123171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17550.371587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18827.850295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17055.200153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23527.865428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19474.208290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45851.113238                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45851.113238                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50900.810626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50900.810626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17550.371587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18827.850295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17055.200153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33929.701108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25301.936978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17550.371587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18827.850295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17055.200153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33929.701108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25301.936978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        103123                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32034.472636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1741394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        135164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         12.883564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21622.777560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.044692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.079888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.330604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.227486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   124.237738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    49.468537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4325.767339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5907.538792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.659875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.180284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.977615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22506                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4938                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       824523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       425428                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1277395                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          549333                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               549333                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          309                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 309                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       167229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               167229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       824523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       592657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1444624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22506                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4938                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       824523                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       592657                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1444624                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          455                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10218                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        84410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                95235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52456                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             52456                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       116107                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             116107                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       200517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                211342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10218                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       200517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               211342                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     42711208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14192983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    957141957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4458737535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5472783683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    795833472                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    795833472                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10193131941                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10193131941                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     42711208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14192983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    957141957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14651869476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15665915624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     42711208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14192983                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    957141957                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14651869476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15665915624                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       834741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       509838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1372630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       549333                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           549333                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52765                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           52765                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       283336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           283336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       834741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       793174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1655966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       834741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       793174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1655966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.069381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994144                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.994144                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.409786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.127625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.127625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93870.786813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93374.888158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93672.142983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52822.385203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57466.096320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15171.447918                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15171.447918                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87790.847589                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87790.847589                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93870.786813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93374.888158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93672.142983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73070.460240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74125.898421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93870.786813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93374.888158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93672.142983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73070.460240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74125.898421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               79552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    79552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        84410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52456                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        52456                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       116107                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        116107                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       200517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           211342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       200517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          211342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36340418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12063575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    813122708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3273689706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4135216407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2882688980                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2882688980                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8519403467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8519403467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36340418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12063575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    813122708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11793093173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12654619874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36340418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12063575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    813122708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11793093173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12654619874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4044013277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4044013277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7773964975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7773964975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11817978252                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11817978252                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994144                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994144                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.127625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79869.050549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79365.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79577.481699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38783.197560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43421.183462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54954.418560                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54954.418560                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73375.450808                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73375.450808                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79869.050549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79365.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79577.481699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58813.433140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59877.449224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79869.050549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79365.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79577.481699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58813.433140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59877.449224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1251926                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1579906                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18075                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15250                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10487                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15245                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1132519                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33325                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2831832                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1666                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   500676                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   631843                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            904                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            762                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10149                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11776294                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.985971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                34471161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11776806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.927038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.985834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34467843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34467843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34467843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        34467843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34467843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       34467843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12324932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12324932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12324932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12324932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12324932                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12324932                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185627440255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 185627440255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185627440255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 185627440255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185627440255                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 185627440255                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46792775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46792775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46792775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46792775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46792775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46792775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.263394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.263394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.263394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.263394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.263394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.263394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15061.133015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15061.133015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15061.133015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15061.133015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15061.133015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15061.133015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       111088                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37029.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       548023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       548023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       548023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       548023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       548023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       548023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11776909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11776909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11776909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11776909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11776909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11776909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138009694280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 138009694280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138009694280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 138009694280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138009694280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 138009694280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11718.668649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11718.668649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11718.668649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11718.668649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11718.668649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11718.668649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       312355                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        429540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       312371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.375096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087126602000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       429476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       429476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       429476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312581                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       312581                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       312581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312581                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       312581                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6225069603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6225069603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6225069603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6225069603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6225069603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6225069603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       742057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       742057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       742057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       742057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       742057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       742057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.421236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.421236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.421236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.421236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.421236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.421236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19915.060746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19915.060746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19915.060746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19915.060746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19915.060746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19915.060746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4452                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4452                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       312581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       312581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       312581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5270195856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5270195856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5270195856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5270195856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5270195856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5270195856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.421236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.421236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.421236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16860.256561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16860.256561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16860.256561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16860.256561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16860.256561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16860.256561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2812036                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        374392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2812052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.133138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086424229300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       374367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       374367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       374367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       374367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       374367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       374367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2813361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2813361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2813361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2813361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2813361                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2813361                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  51582423133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51582423133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  51582423133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  51582423133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  51582423133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  51582423133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3187728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3187728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3187728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3187728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3187728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3187728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.882560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.882560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18334.804219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18334.804219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18334.804219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18334.804219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18334.804219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18334.804219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8081                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8081                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2813361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2813361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2813361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2813361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2813361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2813361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  43020420130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43020420130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  43020420130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43020420130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  43020420130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43020420130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15291.468151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15291.468151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15291.468151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15291.468151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15291.468151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15291.468151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               6647146                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.327962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                91139394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               6647402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 13.710528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086328490000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.327962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     55467882                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       55467882                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     35502197                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      35502197                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     90970079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        90970079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     90970079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       90970079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8266242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8266242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1483805                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1483805                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      9750047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       9750047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      9750047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      9750047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 175886678911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 175886678911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40739830977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40739830977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 216626509888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 216626509888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 216626509888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 216626509888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63734124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63734124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     36986002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     36986002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    100720126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    100720126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    100720126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    100720126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.129699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21277.707441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21277.707441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27456.324097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27456.324097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22217.996476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22217.996476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22217.996476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22217.996476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4639971                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          4639971                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2909949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2909949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        27537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        27537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2937486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2937486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2937486                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2937486                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5356293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5356293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1456268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1456268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6812561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6812561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6812561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6812561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  91886100068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91886100068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35154519718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35154519718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127040619786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 127040619786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127040619786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 127040619786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4736016259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4736016259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9095205711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9095205711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13831221970                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13831221970                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17154.793449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17154.793449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24140.144340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24140.144340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18647.997396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18647.997396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18647.997396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18647.997396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               833736688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57957248                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57957248                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7543378                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     49013181                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        30024791                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    429147558                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             285761268                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57957248                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     30024791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             91822722                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       28273971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           3957138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     171013223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       212793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       519713                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46792777                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5292093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         153867                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    716838247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.761291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.195392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       627985988     87.60%     87.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6376932      0.89%     88.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4526048      0.63%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         7070880      0.99%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5494304      0.77%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6141901      0.86%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6252112      0.87%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         5039029      0.70%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47951053      6.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    716838247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.069515                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.342748                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       424170157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    185610715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         85136402                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1755910                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      20165063                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     534698918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          909                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      20165063                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       429640529                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       52803989                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    119374651                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         81358551                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     13495464                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     518254620                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        67724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       1456982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      8677984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        22389                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    569443881                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1304946614                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1294237222                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10709392                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    424001831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       145442056                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2913010                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2945092                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         41950323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     78063551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     47537720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      7582199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4539174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         496001411                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4055198                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        464442416                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1452639                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    108150777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    150747166                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1217127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    716838247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.647904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.383068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    533246104     74.39%     74.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     66364198      9.26%     83.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     44327713      6.18%     89.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     26495721      3.70%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20130299      2.81%     96.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13738490      1.92%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      7812484      1.09%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3938825      0.55%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       784413      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    716838247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         688848     27.39%     27.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     27.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     27.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        96379      3.83%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1005660     39.98%     71.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       724278     28.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3142972      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    341385988     73.50%     74.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2853159      0.61%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73177026     15.76%     90.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43883271      9.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     464442416                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.557061                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2515165                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005415                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1643565654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    602625188                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    447967204                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7117110                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5722203                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3249648                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     460237911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3576698                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      7260305                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     18383303                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        82788                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       144072                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     10480127                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        96556                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      20165063                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       41322067                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       646047                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    500056609                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4233732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     78063551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     47538355                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3525533                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        307004                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        16682                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       144072                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3192652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5127334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8319986                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    456782681                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     71121010                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7659736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           114033725                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45638148                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42912715                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.547874                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             451869172                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            451216852                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        291349408                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        455026658                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.541198                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.640291                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    117889491                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2838072                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7592185                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    697031714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.536756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    572194241     82.09%     82.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     45084527      6.47%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     20606092      2.96%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     21864281      3.14%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11082997      1.59%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4567808      0.66%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3588157      0.51%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      2954631      0.42%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     15088980      2.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    697031714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    202725175                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     381983781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              96738476                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             59680248                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             418440                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          39978317                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2537734                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        378268453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     15088980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1181234406                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1019949073                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7018833                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              116898441                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59237816190                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          202725175                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            381983781                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    202725175                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.112645                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.112645                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.243153                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.243153                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       902173479                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      487514072                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5884421                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3068391                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      211575379                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2609432                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2479858                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1177360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        73488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2692425888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       445998094                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3142160456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2692425888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2692425888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2151878                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    300241896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       305355182                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            80581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       147170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        336553236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         70668340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           407459234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           76169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        44679120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           44801561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             123969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        58857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          134595837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22295688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             157078313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     134595837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        134595837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            107574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15009256                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15264872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            231543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        58857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         134595837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37304944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            172343185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1579906                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1251926                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15250                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18075                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11461                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18071                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1132519                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33325                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2831832                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1666                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  631843                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  500676                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           762                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           904                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9241                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073255653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 251509309                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   475673675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           471364903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2027236                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32579821                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  471364903                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2027236                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1204344476                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        529196324                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3384434                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1656053                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   115416269                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  70684274                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 44731995                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59514345448.528984                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             558910204.471014                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009304                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990696                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
