
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57858                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   102203                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31209329                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682934                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1206378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       198400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              278464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9207719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    538564681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              755901590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203612196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9207719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    538564681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             755901590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           467                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2215.079548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.023555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          296.987506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.740023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.520026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.635083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.571615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    546.891011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1332.526768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.072507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.133518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.325324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.540791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2778                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1026                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1026                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          583                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4032                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2391                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3651                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4362                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5415863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121237833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245608887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      374060176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       484203                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       484203                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73687544                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73687544                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5415863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121237833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319296431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       447747720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5415863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121237833                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319296431                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      447747720                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1026                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1026                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              742                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.812436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.477130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958165                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.958221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.519657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.519657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102186.094340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105740.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102656.928874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102722.244668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102454.170364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16696.655172                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16696.655172                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103785.273239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103639.302391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102186.094340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105740.764706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102656.928874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102965.633989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102647.345254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102186.094340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105740.764706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102656.928874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102965.633989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102647.345254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  42                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       42                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5122663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114721706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    232354237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353903399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1475009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1475009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69794344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69794344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5122663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114721706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302148581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    423697743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5122663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114721706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302148581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    423697743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.812436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.475954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.518466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96654.018868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100281.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97139.463167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97178.685487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97172.816859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50862.379310                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50862.379310                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98301.892958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98301.892958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96654.018868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100281.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97139.463167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97435.853273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97357.018153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96654.018868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100281.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97139.463167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97435.853273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97357.018153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1988.311274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.798061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.327697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.499797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.489094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    554.855359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1383.341296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              42                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   42                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3640                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4351                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4944163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110585270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224264938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      341439964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67365950                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67365950                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4944163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110585270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291630888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       408805914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4944163                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110585270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291630888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      408805914                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           42                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               42                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              711                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.996987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.997478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.997478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93286.094340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96799.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94436.609735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93834.702092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93802.187912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94881.619718                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94748.171589                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93286.094340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96799.588235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94436.609735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94074.480000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93956.771777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93286.094340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96799.588235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94436.609735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94074.480000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93956.771777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4203034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94129153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190628048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    290370224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57325892                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57325892                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4203034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94129153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247953940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347696116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4203034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94129153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247953940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347696116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79302.528302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82940.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80383.563621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79760.689540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79969.767006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80740.692958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80740.692958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79302.528302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82940.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80383.563621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79985.141935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80095.857176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79302.528302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82940.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80383.563621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79985.141935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80095.857176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1153                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               349.304618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 15.084128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.403384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.901234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.681448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.682236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32369                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32369                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161215916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161215916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161215916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161215916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161215916                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161215916                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81669.663627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81628.311899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81669.663627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81628.311899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81669.663627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81628.311899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128068706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128068706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128068706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128068706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128068706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128068706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77103.375075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77103.375075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77103.375075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77103.375075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77103.375075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77103.375075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          196                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.661198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.275510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019265827000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.517235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.143963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.666325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          237                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4376688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4376688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4376688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.165966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.165966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.068670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18467.037975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.068670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18467.037975                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.068670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18467.037975                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3636091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3636091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3636091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3636091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3636091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3636091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15605.540773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15605.540773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15605.540773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15605.540773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15605.540773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15605.540773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2847                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.275080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.705304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124830300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.665061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.610019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2159                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34276131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34276131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34276131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34276131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34276131                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34276131                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.572983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.572983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.572983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11852.050830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11831.595098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11852.050830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11831.595098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11852.050830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11831.595098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25305061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25305061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25305061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25305061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25305061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25305061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8750.021093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8750.021093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8750.021093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8750.021093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8750.021093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8750.021093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3175                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.119385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   41072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.936063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019081958300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.348616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.770770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45887                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45890                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21993                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21993                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67880                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67883                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7433                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7435                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          802                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          803                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8235                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8238                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    706237097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    706237097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79935671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79935671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    786172768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    786172768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    786172768                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    786172768                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95013.735638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94988.177135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99670.412718                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99546.290162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95467.245659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95432.479728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95467.245659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95432.479728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1008                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1008                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4490                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4490                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255644125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255644125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76839432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76839432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332483557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332483557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332483557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332483557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86835.640285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86835.640285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95929.378277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95929.378277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88780.656075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88780.656075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88780.656075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88780.656075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57126                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57126                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6341                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37640                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24444                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       154719                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                268855                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57126                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24444                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        482970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1965                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34325                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             74                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       753795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.652623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.052040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          671578     89.09%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9033      1.20%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5232      0.69%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3665      0.49%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5559      0.74%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5547      0.74%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5268      0.70%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3431      0.46%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44482      5.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       753795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          159461                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       490658                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74832                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4585                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24257                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        473771                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24257                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          169057                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         397746                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69800                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31293                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        451794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          199                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       541786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1176642                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1176642                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       335225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          206502                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2139                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75021                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67370                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        29944                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1798                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            425990                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2145                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           373441                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2248                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       226629                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          668                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       753795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.495415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       603874     80.11%     80.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        55902      7.42%     87.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34476      4.57%     92.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22616      3.00%     95.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16548      2.20%     97.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10897      1.45%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6744      0.89%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2306      0.31%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          432      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       753795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            765     32.76%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           844     36.15%     68.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          726     31.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3046      0.82%      0.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       282479     75.64%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60357     16.16%     92.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27559      7.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        373441                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337578                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2335                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006253                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1506713                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       571244                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       360325                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        372730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22733                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          116                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7149                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          122                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24257                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4029                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       428135                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67370                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29944                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          116                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1928                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5595                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7523                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       365630                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        58080                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7809                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85023                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37709                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             26943                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330517                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                361345                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               360325                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           250205                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           399563                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.325722                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626197                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149570                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6571                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       729700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       637557     87.37%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35936      4.92%     92.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13954      1.91%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15211      2.08%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7146      0.98%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3566      0.49%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2918      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2244      0.31%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11168      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       729700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156484                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        278451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67428                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44633                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30757                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           278073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11168                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1145611                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             880503                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2067                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 352441                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               278451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.069323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.069323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141456                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141456                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          731861                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         419851                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169477                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 30.442303                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                30442302681210                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               35462069950815                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  23638                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    44415                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1828858884                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4602616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 16645.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   393470490                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     739310468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        29120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1526848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       117184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       973184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      8856512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            11541248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       973184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         973184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7922368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          7922368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             23857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       138383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               180332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         123787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              123787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               50155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        31968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       290928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 379119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        31968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             31968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           260242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                260242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           260242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide          957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              50155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        31968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       290928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                639361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    46663                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.992259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      23617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    46679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.505945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020549000000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.151639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.840621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.009477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.990039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           8034                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              8034                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          3435                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             3435                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           11469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              11469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          11469                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             11469                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        44298                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           44390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        42710                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          44438                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         87008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            88828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        87008                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           88828                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     13027992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1967837485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1980865477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125398784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2890626000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3016024784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    138426776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   4858463485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4996890261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    138426776                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   4858463485                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4996890261                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        52332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         52424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        46145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        47873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        98477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         100297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        98477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        100297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.846480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.846750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.928248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.885650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 141608.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44422.716263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44624.137801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72568.740741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67680.309061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67870.398848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 76058.668132                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55839.273228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56253.549117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 76058.668132                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55839.273228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56253.549117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       856808                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9736.454545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          25497                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               25497                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        44298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        42710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        44438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        87008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        88828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        87008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11905900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1420152335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1432058235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104599092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2362873300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2467472392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    116504992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3783025635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3899530627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    116504992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3783025635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3899530627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.846480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925561                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 129411.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32059.062147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32260.829804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60531.881944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55323.654882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55526.180116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 64013.731868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43479.055202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43899.790911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 64013.731868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43479.055202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43899.790911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      11208681                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4056.563932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        22951857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      11212704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.046951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024244577132                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          551.187479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   125.087887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    81.285562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1510.524580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1788.478297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.134567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.368780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.436640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.990372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7395193                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1950758                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8897768                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2514866                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               20758585                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3001905                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              3001905                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       392176                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              392176                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       527821                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               527821                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7395193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1950758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8897768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3042687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                21286406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7395193                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1950758                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8897768                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3042687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               21286406                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       117300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61621                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2520366                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             10398990                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21815                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             21815                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       789172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             789172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       117300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3309538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              11188162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       117300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61621                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699703                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3309538                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             11188162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2762524929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1356935557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 171369751621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  64971629869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   240460841976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    964291704                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    964291704                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27101200834                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  27101200834                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2762524929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1356935557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 171369751621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92072830703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    267562042810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2762524929                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1356935557                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 171369751621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92072830703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   267562042810                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7512493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2012379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16597471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5035232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           31157575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3001905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          3001905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       413991                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          413991                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1316993                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1316993                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7512493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2012379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16597471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6352225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            32474568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7512493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2012379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16597471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6352225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           32474568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.333755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052694                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.052694                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.599223                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.599223                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.521005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.344521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.521005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.344521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23550.937161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22020.667581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22256.670370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25778.648763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23123.480451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44203.149393                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44203.149393                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34341.310683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34341.310683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23550.937161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22020.667581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22256.670370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27820.448263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23914.745140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23550.937161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22020.667581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22256.670370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27820.448263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23914.745140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             1608382                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  1608382                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          505                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               861                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       116795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2520366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10398129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21815                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        21815                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       789172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        789172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       116795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3309538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         11187301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       116795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7699702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3309538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        11187301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2126359202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1017518358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 127725796161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51110719307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 181980393028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1220801031                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220801031                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22660303131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22660303131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2126359202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1017518358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 127725796161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73771022438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 204640696159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2126359202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1017518358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 127725796161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73771022438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 204640696159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4344449190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4344449190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7307419902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7307419902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11651869092                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11651869092                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052694                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052694                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.599223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.599223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.521005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.344494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.521005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18205.909517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16608.206150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16588.407728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20279.086175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17501.263259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55961.541646                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55961.541646                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28714.023218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28714.023218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18205.909517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16608.206150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16588.407728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22290.429189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18292.231179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18205.909517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16608.206150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16588.407728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22290.429189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18292.231179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        142914                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32591.270196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        11811463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        175231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         67.405100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17145.871268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   520.363916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   180.292544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6131.856649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8612.883327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.523250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.187129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.262844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.994607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       114964                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        60666                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7684488                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2437403                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               10297521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1608382                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              1608382                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 419                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       665567                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               665567                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       114964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        60666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7684488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3102970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                10963088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       114964                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        60666                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7684488                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3102970                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               10963088                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1831                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15214                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        82963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               100608                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32534                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             32534                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112467                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112467                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       195430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                213075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1831                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15214                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       195430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               213075                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    170071594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55828997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1425124666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5579817475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     7230842732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    800135082                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    800135082                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10234530501                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10234530501                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    170071594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55828997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1425124666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15814347976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     17465373233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    170071594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55828997                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1425124666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15814347976                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    17465373233                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       116795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7699702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2520366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           10398129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1608382                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          1608382                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32953                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           32953                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       778034                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           778034                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       116795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7699702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3298400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            11176163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       116795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7699702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3298400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           11176163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987285                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.987285                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144553                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.144553                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.019065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.019065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92884.540688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93048.328333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93671.924938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67256.698468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71871.448911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24593.812074                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24593.812074                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91000.297874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91000.297874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92884.540688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93048.328333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93671.924938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80920.779696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81968.195391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92884.540688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93048.328333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93671.924938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80920.779696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81968.195391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               98290                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    98290                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        82963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          100608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32534                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        32534                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       195430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           213075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       195430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          213075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    144403624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47401878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1210694263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4410305371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5812805136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1705435737                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1705435737                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8623824472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8623824472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    144403624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47401878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1210694263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13034129843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14436629608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    144403624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47401878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1210694263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13034129843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14436629608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3871724836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3871724836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6490544830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6490544830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10362269666                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10362269666                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987285                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987285                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.019065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78865.987985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79003.130000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79577.643158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53159.907079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57776.768607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52420.106258                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52420.106258                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76678.709950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76678.709950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78865.987985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79003.130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79577.643158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66694.621312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67753.746840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78865.987985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79003.130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79577.643158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66694.621312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67753.746840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1212066                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       771490                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      10652                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      10767                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2137                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 10758                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  521263                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     21419                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1983556                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           704                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   318522                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   202742                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            350                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            354                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8765                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              16597472                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                61401577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              16597984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.699339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     61379053                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       61379053                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     61379053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        61379053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     61379053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       61379053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18206931                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18206931                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18206931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      18206931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18206931                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     18206931                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 386114063243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 386114063243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 386114063243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 386114063243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 386114063243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 386114063243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     79585984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     79585984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     79585984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     79585984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     79585984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     79585984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.228771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.228771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.228771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.228771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.228771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.228771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21206.982288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21206.982288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21206.982288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21206.982288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21206.982288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21206.982288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       325202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40650.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1609454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1609454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1609454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1609454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1609454                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1609454                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16597477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16597477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16597477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16597477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16597477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16597477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 299860678382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 299860678382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 299860678382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 299860678382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 299860678382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 299860678382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18066.642200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18066.642200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18066.642200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18066.642200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18066.642200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18066.642200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2014073                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       1835075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2014089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.911119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1834579                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1834579                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1834579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1834579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1834579                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1834579                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2014778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2014778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2014778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2014778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2014778                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2014778                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32823145862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32823145862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32823145862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  32823145862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32823145862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  32823145862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3849357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3849357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3849357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3849357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3849357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3849357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.523406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.523406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.523406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16291.197274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16291.197274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16291.197274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16291.197274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16291.197274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16291.197274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        13095                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        13095                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2014778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2014778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2014778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2014778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2014778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2014778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  26653609881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26653609881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  26653609881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26653609881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  26653609881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26653609881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13229.055450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13229.055450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13229.055450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13229.055450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13229.055450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13229.055450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      7515924                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       2224263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      7515940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.295939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2224102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      2224102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2224102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      2224102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2224102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      2224102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7521116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      7521116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7521116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      7521116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7521116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      7521116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 116186602748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 116186602748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 116186602748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 116186602748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 116186602748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 116186602748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9745218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9745218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9745218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9745218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9745218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9745218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.771775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.771775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.771775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15448.053553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15448.053553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15448.053553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15448.053553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15448.053553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15448.053553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        14807                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        14807                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7521116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7521116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7521116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7521116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7521116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7521116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  93210634021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93210634021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  93210634021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  93210634021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  93210634021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  93210634021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12393.191917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12393.191917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12393.191917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12393.191917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12393.191917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12393.191917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               6334618                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.967786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               126303256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               6335130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.936964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.967786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     81064418                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       81064418                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     44729187                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      44729187                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    125793605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       125793605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    125793605                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      125793605                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7855451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      7855451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1738035                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1738035                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      9593486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       9593486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      9593486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      9593486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 218422445863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 218422445863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49607379675                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49607379675                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 268029825538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 268029825538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 268029825538                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 268029825538                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     88919869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     88919869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46467222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     46467222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    135387091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    135387091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    135387091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    135387091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037403                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037403                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27805.207602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27805.207602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28542.221345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28542.221345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27938.731087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27938.731087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27938.731087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27938.731087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2974003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2974003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2817568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2817568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        15866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        15866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2833434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2833434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2833434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2833434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5037883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5037883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1722169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1722169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6760052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6760052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6760052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6760052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120744996325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120744996325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43175586459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43175586459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163920582784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 163920582784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163920582784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 163920582784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4536368154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4536368154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7599530792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7599530792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12135898946                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12135898946                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23967.407803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23967.407803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25070.470122                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25070.470122                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24248.420394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24248.420394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24248.420394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24248.420394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              1370828414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       102421403                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    102421403                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     17924908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     86967056                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        47476081                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    599269674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             467115295                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          102421403                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     47476081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            146963059                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       65283665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          37272595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     190976729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       404108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       822386                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         79585992                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     12237237                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         504767                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1022422290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.858322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.304932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       879220503     85.99%     85.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         9324313      0.91%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         6486881      0.63%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        11908605      1.16%     88.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        10293725      1.01%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        12442172      1.22%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         9139299      0.89%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         7532114      0.74%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        76074678      7.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1022422290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074715                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.340754                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       627980933                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    209088182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        135705572                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      2933920                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      46713683                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     850586233                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          303                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      46713683                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       637573939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       76259147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    111407579                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        128574622                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     21893320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     815800011                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       312728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3394891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     14602430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       136067                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    887981672                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   2029155342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2029116454                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        38888                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    549680086                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       338301700                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2873135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2904234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         66165056                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114733783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     70504098                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      7207682                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      6239041                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         757440834                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4039070                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        687581334                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      3237028                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    243246900                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    324809210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1404890                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1022422290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.672502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.440355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    765501687     74.87%     74.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     87483015      8.56%     83.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     55497657      5.43%     88.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     39015228      3.82%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     31255834      3.06%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     21753883      2.13%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     16130634      1.58%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4794050      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       990302      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1022422290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        2005867     41.39%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1857420     38.33%     79.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       982452     20.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      8078852      1.17%      1.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    511515488     74.39%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    104960237     15.27%     90.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     63026757      9.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     687581334                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.501581                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            4845739                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007048                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2408513813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1004885050                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    655055905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        17202                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        10822                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         8570                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     684339628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses           8593                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     11137921                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     40396353                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       212219                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       179568                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     24018973                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        91263                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      46713683                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       46498289                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       910867                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    761479904                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     12576457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    114733783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     70504098                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3582204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        420271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        36446                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       179568                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6155339                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     13880829                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     20036168                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    667463519                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    100173082                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     20117815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           160806772                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        70614532                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          60633690                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.486905                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             656365503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            655064475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        412811118                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        637193130                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.477860                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.647859                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    266739632                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2634180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     18013238                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    976101567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.468769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    812879731     83.28%     83.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     58592633      6.00%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     26876562      2.75%     92.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     28937391      2.96%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     15029906      1.54%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      6802491      0.70%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5408859      0.55%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3746488      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     17827506      1.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    976101567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    266054559                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     494588627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             120822560                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             74337435                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             251155                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          57027836                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        492361360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     17827506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1718932518                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1569554317                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                9872411                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              348406124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         90044719571                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          266054559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            494588627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    266054559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.152433                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.152433                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.194083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.194083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      1282035738                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      706445254                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads             8570                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      313938291                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2536648                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       126320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1182418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       570280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        81592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1338476024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       241641192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1582077826                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1338476024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1338476024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1622994                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    165458496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       170845714                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            46148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        71285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        167309503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         38153428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           205593361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           52336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23798783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23909935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         4149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              38841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         2680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           43967634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7937678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              51969716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      43967634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         43967634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       123651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             53314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5435150                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5612115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       127801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             92155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         2680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          43967634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          13372828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             57581831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           29                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       118784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           29                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      771490                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1212066                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     10767                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     10652                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2132                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                10644                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 521263                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    21419                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1983556                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          704                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  202742                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  318522                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           354                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           350                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               8795                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    91418324720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 126006837                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   242221751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           241433532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     16736502                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  241433532                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         617122109                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        269412862                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    62051715                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  38188992                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23862723                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             91134784302.222702                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             283540417.777294                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003102                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996898                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
